the crisp morning air hit us immediately as we made our way to an open seat .
it was too big , but very warm in the crisp spring air .
the crisp air hit me immediately , blowing my dress around .
the early spring weather was crisp .
since they would n't notice me missing , i walked out on the porch to get some crisp fresh air .
when he finally lay on top of the crisp white sheets , he thought of kennedy .
the crisp , warm wafer melted in her mouth .
the bright red tie gave him a flash of style , and the crisp white shirt was unmarred and showed off the toastiness to his now normal skin tone .
the sight of his runny eggs , crisp bacon , and greasy hash browns made her sweat .
the moan escaped her the moment her teeth took hold of the crisp strip .
creamy , thick cheese combined with a hint of garlic , olive oil , sweet basil , and crisp tomato .
the night air is cool and crisp and carries a hint of garbage .
my mother walked out and called me back to her with a clear , crisp , lawyerly command .
the crisp early september morning air smelled fresh , sending awareness through my veins .
`` hello , '' dad said , his voice clear and crisp .
i ran my hand over the crisp cotton sleeve of his shirt , my heart twisting at the thought of him wearing it in battle .
she pressed her hands against his crisp white shirt .
but as she stared into the open collar of his crisp white shirt , inhaling his musky cologne , loving the feeling of his breath in her ear , she was seriously thinking he had n't meant what he 'd said to her that morning .
though he gave her the impression of consciousness of his own body and looks , he was un-self-consciously sexy , legs crossed casually on the edge of the bed in his dark suit pants , crisp white shirt open at the throat , dark hair perfect , dark eyes on her .
the air was crisp but not freezing despite our altitude .
tan slacks and a crisp white shirt , the top few buttons open , the sleeves rolled up halfway .
`` you know what i love about cookie crisp cereal ? ''
dark jeans , a crisp white button-down , and a clean-shaven chin .
few things in life feel as great as cruising down an open highway on a blue-skied , crisp fall day when the leaves are just starting to change .
you imagine every detail in crisp , vivid color and high-definition sound .
the air was growing crisp , the early birds had pumpkins on stoops , and i was having the time of my life .
sweet and crisp , it was the perfect after-dinner drink .
cold , crisp , like a burst of seawater in my mouth , i moaned around the fork as he slipped the tines back out .
he 'd gelled his hair into a sexy as hell faux hawk and had paired a crisp green polo shirt with a pair of loose fitting khaki pants .
the a/c was sinful , and i sighed in appreciation at how cold and crisp it blew out of the vents .
it was a crisp white polo that hugged his shoulders perfectly .
after carrying out my skin care routine and putting on a fresh pair of silk pajamas , i climbed between the crisp , white sheets and laid my head on my pillow .
the jeans he usually wore were dark , crisp , and fitted .
it was a man of about sixty with gray hair and a crisp suit .
the end 1 honor early morning sunlight filtered through the overhead canopy of burnished autumn leaves , and crisp , chilled air brushed over my cheeks , filling my lungs with every deep inhale i took .
i felt the familiar tug i always did to go out there and walk , to breathe in deeply of the crisp air .
`` well , if you ask me , you sure pissed someone off because he seems awfully motivated to burn you to a crisp . ''
i rushed outside into the cold autumn air and dragged in great gulps of the crisp atmosphere .
the air was cold and crisp .
every time i stepped outside my dorm and the crisp fall air met my skin , i was shocked .
a crisp breeze blew through the night and a few quivering leaves fell and floated silently to the ground .
next he pulled out a stack of crisp one hundred dollar bills and finally a set of keys , which i assumed were for a car .
i counted out quite a few crisp hundred-dollar bills and held them out .
i inhaled a deep breath of the cold , crisp air .
but susan had replaced the plaid sofa with a nice neutral , modern one that dad was perched on , and she had painted the existing coffee table and all the picture frames a crisp black .
robin 's teeth were chattering , and her hair was whipping around her face in the crisp , late-fall breeze .
i smiled up at him as we started down the driveway in the crisp night air , carrying an empty soft drink can for him to drop the butt in when he was done smoking .
it was cold , only in the twenties , so it was perfect snow for sledding , crisp and icy , not wet and heavy .
the air was crisp and clean , and the snow blanketed the dirty parking lot in pure white .
the crisp air always seemed to help calm my icky stomach .
after taking a sip of wine himself , he leaned over and licked the swell of her breast , rising above the perky cherries on her crisp white dress .
fall and spring crisp , the salty smell of the ocean in the air back home .
wanted to feel the sting of the crisp fall air .
everyone else had labels on their supplies and crisp , clean pencil pouches and folders .
out on the sidewalk in the crisp night air , we kissed as the taxi pulled up .
shucking my jeans , i slid beneath the covers , onto crisp , cool sheets .
it 's the kind of blue that makes you stop dead and instantly makes you think of a crisp summer 's day , complete with beer and a barbecue .
his accent is crisp and what the hell is it about the british accent ?
there 's a chill in the air , a crisp , almost bitter chill .
maybe i am falling in love with his crisp accent , his dirty words , his burning touch .
the crisp air was at least fifteen degrees cooler than that down in hilton .
`` i 've never seen this , a night sky so crisp and clear with stars that look like the finest diamond in a bright light . ''
carter took a drink of the wine and let the crisp flavor float over his tongue .
i take a sip , and the wine is light , crisp , and delicious .
i hear the ice clink against the glass , and he puts it down again and leans down and kisses me , pouring a delicious crisp , liquid into my mouth as he does .
the wine is crisp , clean , and fruity .
the table is laid and covered with a crisp white linen tablecloth , a bowl of pale pink peonies as the center piece .
the sancerre is crisp and delicious .
it 's a clear , crisp evening , and the lights of portland twinkle and wink , welcoming us as christian sets the helicopter down on the helipad .
at the stark white reception desk sits a young blond woman in a crisp white uniform .
it tastes deliciously crisp and light .
there must be at least thirty tables , and they remind me of the private dining room at the heathman - crystal glasses , crisp white linen covering the tables and chairs , and in the center , an exquisite display of pale pink peonies gathered around a silver candelabra .
it reminds me of the place in portland - a few tables and booths , the decor very crisp and modern with a large black and white photograph of a turn-of-the-century fiesta serving as a mural .
he 's shaved , clean , fresh - hmm , he smells so good - in a crisp white shirt and black suit , no tie - the ceo is back .
he 's in his navy suit , looking crisp and clean with floppy sex-hair and a guileless expression .
i sit on the bar stool beside my husband , who just looks radiant : freshly showered , his hair damp , wearing a crisp white shirt and that silver-gray tie .
cool crisp wine flows into my mouth .
andrea 's voice is crisp and businesslike .
warm and comfortable between clean , crisp sheets , i take a moment to orientate myself , and am overwhelmed by a sense of deja vu .
the light is fading , and i shiver as i step out into the cool , crisp evening and hand my key to the parking valet .
i walked outside , inhaling the crisp , fall air .
as soon as i got outside , i took a deep breath and felt the cool , crisp air hit my lungs .
effie 's pancakes practically melted in my mouth , they were so fluffy , her bacon was crisp and full of flavor , and her eggs were just how i liked them .
her platinum hair , thin and sparse from years of bleaching , was pulled loosely back into a low bun , her white , crisp collar popped up in the back and folded down in the front .
i looked down at my crisp light-blue button-down blouse and knee-length skirt .
the air is crisp , i 'm in a land full of mystery , and i feel up for an adventure ' .
i left the house , taking in deep breaths of crisp air .
but as we stepped onto the platform , breathing in the crisp , cold air , my eyes collided with jake 's and just like that , the ache was back again .
taking a deep breath of crisp , clean air , my voice shook a little as i replied , `` we 're not together .
the air was so crisp here , fresh , alive in a way i could n't explain .
tonight he looked even more amazing than usual , in a crisp white dress shirt rolled up at the sleeves , a fitted black waistcoat , and black suit trousers .
dazed , i absentmindedly held out my ticket to a guy dressed in a crisp white ferry uniform .
this is n't cool and crisp , but warm and sweet .
i end the word with a crisp pop , and i do n't even acknowledge him as i lean in front of him to grab the mouse and close out the document .
i laid my elbows on my knees and sucked in a breath of crisp morning air .
'that butter 'll crisp it up .
i flick the paintbrush at hunter , causing little white dots to stain his crisp blue button-down shirt .
her movements become crisp and her eyes narrow on her wheels .
a black tie hangs from his neck and it stands out against the crisp white button-down shirt .
with matt , my bones ached , my body throbbed and my self-worth was burned to a crisp .
`` take the rest off , '' max instructed , before he reached for the bedding , pulling it down the mattress to reveal crisp , white sheets .
taking a sobering breath of the cold , crisp air , i start the truck .
now that we 're nearing december , the temperatures can fluctuate between arctic and a crisp fall day .
i stop just inside the doorway , taking in the clean , crisp sheets and the accoutrements that have terrified me for years .
two ushers , dressed in black suits and crisp white shirts , are manning the door leading into the library , my uncle 's favorite room .
she smiles , glancing down at her crisp white blouse and navy blue slacks , and brushing away an imaginary piece of lint .
`` you 'll never get to dance for us if you 're cooked to a crisp , '' sig adds , drawing my eyes to him .
eldon crisp asks .
he looks more dashing than james bond in his black suit and crisp white shirt , holding a glass in one hand and a box in the other .
someone pushes open the exit , letting in the cool , crisp night air .
it 's only when i 'm outside in the crisp air , surrounded by nothing but night and humiliation , that i remember i did n't come here alone .
i tug at the snug collar of my crisp , white shirt .
the smell of his clean , crisp aftershave is befuddling my brain along with my bra and panties .
i was willing to bet druid by the crisp dark gray suits , and the burst of energy that hovered around them like a mist .
he 'd removed his dark gray suit jacket and tie , his crisp white shirt unbuttoned enough to show his tan throat clearly .
it was a crisp accent , as though he 'd learned his english in england , rather than america .
with his short-cropped blond hair styled better than most guys twenty years younger than him and a crisp black suit , mr. caruthers was still a good-looking man .
both madoc and jared wore black wool suits with crisp white shirts and black silk ties .
i glanced down at juliet , thinking of her hair that smelled like a crisp fall morning .
every song was flawless , so clear and crisp .
the guy popped the top off the bottle for us , poured two glasses , and then left after henry handed him a crisp twenty-dollar bill .
her father was an imposing man in a crisp black suit .
he looked completely unfazed in his crisp jeans and polo as the heat intensified through the set .
she shivered in my arms , and i was n't sure if it was from our kiss or the crisp air as winter rolled in on the boardwalk , but i just kissed her harder , more desperately .
the energy crackled between us , heating the crisp night air .
he smiled at the reporters waiting for the inevitable photo op and adjusted his red-white-and-blue tie knotted at the top of his crisp white button-down .
his black tuxedo was pristine , with a crisp white shirt and black bow tie .
he was wearing a crisp navy suit with a gray button-down and his signature blue tie .
his black suit was crisp and tailored to his build .
her eyes followed his chiseled features , those dark brown eyes , the curve of his smile , and the assurance in his black suit , crisp button-down , and blue tie .
he ironed the already flawless white button-down until it was crisp , and the lines down the front of his black pants were stark .
he was in a black pinstripe suit with a crisp white shirt and red tie .
she wrapped her jacket tighter around her body as she stepped out into the crisp february air .
chapter 5 communication brady looked incredible in a tailored three-piece black suit , crisp blue shirt , and burgundy silk tie with a herringbone pattern .
she felt like a princess in a fairy tale , which was all too fitting when she walked out and saw brady in a crisp black tuxedo with a black bow tie .
they toasted their good fortunes and good times and sipped the crisp champagne .
like smoke and spice , fresh air and crisp apples .
it 's the second half , our team is winning , owen is out on the field , and i 'm sitting with his sister and niece , bundled up against the crisp , cold fall air .
where everyone knows each other and the air is crisp and clear , filled with the scent of pine .
i let my greedy gaze roam the length of her , taking in the crisp white shirt , the sexy-as-hell black skirt that fits her body like a glove .
i could see brayden , aj , and rhys in their island casual khaki pants , crisp white , button-down shirts , and pink vests .
on that crisp , october evening , i had scouts from both georgia tech and auburn watching me play .
he wore khaki pants , a crisp white shirt with an electric blue tie , along with a navy blazer .
i watched him slide a crisp hundred bill over to pauley .
i 'm sitting by the edge of the dock , admiring the sunset , the crisp scent of the lake , and the light warm breeze crashing against the tall tree branches , when i hear footsteps from behind .
she pulled a crisp fifty-dollar bill from her wristlet .
the water felt divine , and after shampooing my hair with ben 's all-purpose hair-and-body wash that smelled like light , crisp cologne , i wrapped myself in a fluffy towel and shuffled back to the bedroom .
his eyes were filled with desire , and when he pressed into me i felt the rigid lines of his body , smelled the crisp sent of his cologne , and heat pooled between my legs .
the soothing music was playing in here , too , and i was instructed to remove everything but my underpants and slip under the crisp , white sheet .
a large , bushy evergreen adorned with twinkling lights and red-and-gold ribbon stood in the corner and filled the room with the lovely scent of crisp pine needles .
he was dressed in a tailored black armani tuxedo , crisp white shirt , and sleek italian leather shoes that tapered just slightly at the toe .
my eyes slipped closed , savoring the subtle flavors of homemade pasta , black pepper , and crisp bacon .
12 several days later , emmy and i sat at a sidewalk cafe , enjoying the fall sunshine and crisp air while we still could .
sporting a mischievous grin , i walk with purpose the few steps between elle and me and lift her , rubbing my sweaty body all over her pretty crisp suit .
covering up his finely chiseled chest with a crisp white shirt , a small smile forms at the corner of his mouth as he fastens the buttons at his wrists .
he immediately started to run , not caring about ruining his crisp gray suit .
olivia wondered how old he could be as she took in his suit , his crisp white button down shirt doing a bad job at hiding the muscular torso underneath .
no matter what , he definitely had good style , she thought , eyeing his crisp white polo shirt , plaid shorts and a pair of flip flops .
light and crisp but not too sweet .
alexander reached across the crisp white tablecloth and grabbed olivia 's delicate hand , caressing her knuckles .
olivia smiled as the crisp november air blew through her hair .
alexander stood in the doorway , wearing a crisp black suit and a green tie .
olivia inhaled the crisp february air , thankful to be back with alexander in the city that she had grown to love over the past decade .
his usual attire of dirty jeans , t-shirt , and work boots was replaced with a crisp white polo shirt , dress khakis , and loafers .
she scanned the aisles of alexander 's impressive collection for a good , crisp white wine .
grace came to check on me just as i was sliding the last crisp wool suit jacket into place .
his shirt was off-the-rack , not custom-made like mr. thorne 's shirts , but it was still a luxurious , crisp cotton .
i carefully pulled out one crisp , pinstriped shirt and lay it on the bed .
the fabric was crisp and firm , yet comfortable , like your favorite sheets right after laundry day .
when i was done , i buried the crisp shirt at the bottom of the dirty laundry hamper and put on my own boring clothes .
it smelled of sunshine and pine , with a hint of crisp air left from the winter .
we got outside into the crisp , autumn night .
everyone who worked there smiled in their crisp whites , and all the guests seemed perfectly comfortable with a white-linen-and-crystal breakfast .
i went to the vending machines and stared at cheerful paper packets of synthetics , crisp under the unappetizing blue light .
my world revolved around the sensations of him , his powerful body and sweet tongue , his crisp smell , the scratch of the scruff on his chin , and the way he paid attention to his kiss .
i skirted the main area of the restaurant , walked outside and took in huge lung-fulls of crisp , mountain air , coming up with a plan while doing so .
`` crisp bill , clyde . ''
usually , you could expect anything through may and into june , even blizzards but it had been warm and sunny , afternoon thundershowers nearly every day for weeks taking the heat off and leaving the nights cool and crisp .
it was after five , full-on dark and the air was crisp .
i was feeling supremely mellow , since he made bacon and ketchup sandwiches stuffed full of crisp bacon and loaded with ketchup , not to mention the after dinner orgasm .
he 'd dug into the bag shift packed for him and he was currently putting fat rolls of crisp , fresh bills wrapped tight in rubber bands on the wood above the mini-bar cabinet attached to the luggage shelf .
a waiter came in with a tray on which was a silver bucket , a bottle of champagne draped in a crisp linen napkin , two glasses on the sides .
i felt the crisp hair .
i did n't think , '' i whispered , lifting a hand and putting it on his chest , feeling the crisp hair there , wanting to slide my fingers through so badly , my mouth watered with the need .
my hands slid up his back , rounding him , shoving between us and up through the crisp hair on his chest .
when i next opened my eyes the medic was gone and zel had stuck crisp , white bandages over the stitched-up wounds .
i breathed a lungful of crisp milan air as we left the ornate building where the fashion show was held .
`` i do n't believe you , '' i said , my voice slicing through the crisp evening like the truth masquerading as a lie .
jethro glowered ; his suit as crisp as his unflappable control .
my taste buds brought back the crisp taste of jethro .
burned to a crisp thanks to the nuclear explosion he 'd set off .
my eyes coasted over his crocodile belt , crisp grey shirt , and locked onto a pair of ferocious eyes .
roast chicken , crisp salad , and creamy mayo on fresh white bread .
i could n't stand his crisp , accented voice delivering something that should n't make sense , only for it to resonate perfectly inside .
the summer had finally given way to autumn , and the air was crisp .
he stepped away , popping another crisp into his mouth .
his muscular form was crisp and professional in his black suit and no doubt sweating his f**king balls off .
he was a festival for my eyes : black leather loafers , perfectly ironed grey slacks , crisp silver shirt , open blazer , and no tie .
a crisp piece of paper rested on top .
her weight transferred to the crisp white bedspread ; her blonde hair fanned out in lazy waves .
he wore dark blue jeans and a crisp white shirt .
she looked sexy as hell with the knee-length skirts and crisp white blouse she wore .
the eggs he 'd made sure were fluffy , and the bacon crisp but not burnt .
some of the juice splattered stephen 's crisp white shirt .
he wore black pants , a white , crisp shirt , and a leather jacket .
he wore a black business suit with a crisp white shirt and a tailored jacket .
those memories would have to be burnt to a crisp in the back of her mind .
isaac stood and began unbuttoning his crisp white shirt .
lifting her head she saw he wore a crisp white shirt .
he wore a pair of jeans and a crisp white shirt .
`` and good morning to you too , sunshine , '' kristen mocked , appearing nauseatingly perfect in her black pencil skirt and crisp white shirt .
she snapped as they exited the apartment building into the sun that was already warming the crisp morning air .
they both took a minute to enjoy the crisp beer before luc heaved a resigned sigh .
charlie speared a crisp slice of tomato and held it out for her across the table .
`` no surprise , the steaks have burned to an unrecognizable crisp : ' tyson said when he checked the grill .
jack grinned and swallowed his final bite of a crisp cracker loaded with a sun-dried tomato spread .
feeling more bitchy than usual , vanessa forced her mind away from the naughty image of jack gerard naked and tanned beneath crisp white sheets , away from huge , sparkling jewels .
by the time she returned with a bottle of cool , crisp chardonnay , chicken curry salad , artisan goat cheese , and freshly baked sourdough bread , she had convinced herself that modeling for sam , that sleeping with sam , was nothing more than a test of her will .
slightly embarrassed by how willing and easy she was for him to sexually manipulate , emma said , `` yes , '' in a crisp voice and pulled away .
in the blink of an eye he 'd gone from playful to crisp and utterly detached .
suddenly she was halfway out of bed , in jason 's arms , her naked br**sts pressed against his crisp button-down shirt .
jane holden 's crisp voice easily cut through the din of sound in cravings .
`` that was a different circumstance entirely , '' jane said in her usual crisp tones .
the only thing left to do was to get out of this godforsaken hotel room-the bathtub would never look quite the same again-and into the crisp , clear tuscan air .
`` i 'll never be able to sleep , '' lily protested , but janica had taken control and was flipping back the covers , smoothing down the crisp , clean sheets , and fluffing the pillows .
she undid the buttons of his crisp , white shirt , and popped his cufflinks off , her hands eager to run across the wide , smooth expanse of his chest , over his strong shoulders , down to his hips , then back up his well-muscled back .
`` julie spencer , '' she said in as crisp a voice as she could manage on approximately three hours of sleep .
`` ty 's been doing great , '' she said in as crisp and professional a voice as she could manage , considering her client 's `` number one boy '' was in her bed .
kara took a deep breath , letting the crisp , refreshing air of the outdoors enter her lungs .
hope took a breath of the crisp , mountain air .
i looked him over hungrily : he looked even more handsome than i had remembered , with a crisp light blue shirt that illuminated his eyes and a pair of grey slacks .
he looked so smart and debonair in his navy pinstripe suit , with his crisp white shirt .
the assistant 's voice was crisp , but professional .
the air was crisp and clear , and we both basked in the sun as we made our way through the crowds .
chapter nine jenna as it turned out , ben had a whole poker set , complete with fancy chips and a crisp deck of cards that looked completely untouched .
the tee shirt was fairly crisp , from some chase pharma corporate fun run five years ago .
it 's not even remotely big enough to be decent , so he 's getting an eyeful , but there 's just enough of the crisp white fabric to be a little bit of a tease .
his aggressiveness spurs me to grab on to his dress shirt , clenching the crisp fabric in my hands while he takes over .
she cleared her throat and smoothed the front of her crisp suit .
when a mercedes eased up the runway and jacob handed our pilot several crisp hundred dollar bills and the man barely flinched , the smell of something else hung in the air : money .
his crisp , two-piece suit commanded attention and if it was n't for the staff providing a buffer , the paparazzi were more than willing to oblige .
jacob gave her a crisp nod and looked down at me , slipping the mask of armor back on .
`` yes , '' jacob confirmed with a crisp nod .
she gave me a crisp nod and went back the way she came .
section ten i flipped up the collar of my jacket , the night air crisp .
jacob was watching me , his tanned skin golden against the crisp white shirt he donned .
rachel was clad in a crisp , navy sheath dress .
the crisp breeze was a reminder of my nakedness , caressing my warm skin .
the sleeves of his crisp white shirt were rolled to the elbows , khaki colored slacks drawing my eyes to the snug fit around his groin .
she looked to sleek to be a paparazzo , dressed in a crisp white suit and stilettos .
`` ah , '' she said with a slight , crisp nod .
the tables were lined with crisp white linens and fresh flowers .
words crisp and clear , even if his mixed signals were confusing .
his voice was thick with sleep but the authoritative tone was crisp and awake .
his voice was husky and crisp as i rose up on wobbly legs and obeyed , walking to the bed and waiting for further instruction .
i broke the seal on the envelope and pulled out a crisp piece of paper .
my temper cooled as i stepped into the crisp body of the jet and took everything in .
when i pushed into c12 , the sight of allegra , dressed in a crisp charcoal jacket , slacks , and a supportive smile , was enough to make me sigh with relief .
while the lobby had wooden statement pieces and glass sculptures and the other floors were lined with mahogany with postmodern desks and pollock paintings , the suite employed less is more with crisp white walls and marble floors .
i squeezed my eyelids shut and gave him a crisp nod before i roped my arm around and unhooked my bra .
`` when people burn themselves to a crisp ? ''
my eyes shot up to the vaulted ceiling , the crisp white paint stark against the exposed mahogany beams .
he gave me a crisp nod and disappeared into the kitchen .
she gave me a crisp nod .
when he rushed a hand over his dark hair and gave me a crisp nod , i saw just how afraid he was ... and it made me want to hear it , and be there for him , even more .
she wore a crisp black blazer with a charcoal gray blouse beneath .
black suit , crisp white shirt beneath , and a slender gray tie .
i gave jacob 's secretary , natasha lancaster , a crisp nod .
the air is crisp and fresh and a lot cooler than in the valleys , and everything smells of honeysuckle and grass .
it was pouring down rain outside , a nice little fall thunderstorm , and the air was clear and crisp , the temperature still balmy .
everything is so verdant and alive , the sky so crisp and blue , the smells so unusual and fresh .
`` i 'm sorry , i ca n't tonight , '' imogen said , her crisp voice apologetic .
flinging a door open before the cab even came to a complete stop , she sucked in the crisp december air and felt her stomach settling down .
it might only be march and still crisp , but she was burning up from the inside out .
`` good job , kendall , '' jim , her crew chief , said , his voice crisp and clear over the radio .
she smelled like the crisp spring air and the light floral perfume she always wore .
it was a gorgeous surprise , all that breast she 'd been hiding under her crisp tailored shirts .
eve had been over for dinner with elec and tammy and the kids , and now they were sitting on the porch in the crisp fall air in the dark .
when he lay in bed later that night , he tossed and turned , his mind unable to escape the image of eve laughing , her amber-colored eyes sparkling in the crisp autumn air .
it was cooler outside and he took a deep breath of the crisp night air as eve greeted a cute girl with a black and red patterned dress .
for a second , harley paused , wanting to take in the night , the feel of the crisp air , the smell of encroaching winter .
the morning was crisp and clear , the sun shining and the sky blue .
she held up the computer tablet she 'd been clutching to the side of her crisp white shirt .
the narrow-and new-mattress was dressed in crisp white sheets and a hand-stitched quilt so deeply scarlet it glowed .
`` oh , no , no , no , '' she said , her voice crisp and hard with anger .
to bryan 's surprise , his crisp striped shirt was damp under the arms .
slim , thirty-ish , and tidy , she wore a pair of jeans and a crisp white t-shirt , which she filled out generously .
when she played her fingers down her belly , skimming the crisp black edge of her pubic thatch , magnus shook himself .
his suit is crisp and tailored , and it hugs every part of his body from his shoulders to his ankles .
her crisp british accent does n't betray her embarrassment at having walked in on our conversation .
the wine is crisp and fresh , and you do n't need to be familiar with the label to know that they 're expensive bottles .
his chevy blazer sat parked across the street , but the crisp fall air , combined with the possibility of being alone , called to him .
unfortunately we 'd covered ourselves with baby oil and fried to a crisp .
i forgo the kiss because he smells so clean and crisp and i know i 've got morning breath so i roll myself out of bed and somehow get my feet under me .
instead , i smell something crisp and fresh .
she bends over to put the casserole dish in the oven to crisp the top .
it was crisp and delicious .
tonight she was casual in a burgundy skirt and crisp white shirt .
it was light and crisp and went well with everything else .
she should be nestled between crisp white sheets right about now , snuggled next to a wholesome man while the two of them watched late-night talk shows before bed .
darcy averted her gaze , staring at the crisp white tablecloth as if it was the most fascinating thing she 'd ever seen .
carson shoved his hands in the pockets of his crisp white navy uniform and followed the rest of the wedding party down the aisle .
the pictures on the screen were crisp , stark , unforgiving-she did n't use any fancy techniques or filters to pretty up her subjects .
the black jacket hugged his broad shoulders , and the top two buttons of his crisp white dress shirt were undone , revealing his strong , corded throat .
it was written in huge block letters , the lettering a faded gray when it had once been crisp black , but there was no mistaking what it said .
it did n't help that dylan still wore the crisp black suit he 'd donned for the wedding , which made her skimpy dress and plastic shoes look even more out of place .
loved knowing that he was serving his country and helping to keep it safe , loved the bonds he 'd formed with his teammates , the crisp ocean air and the feel of warm sand between his toes .
chapter two ( because sometimes you just got ta have the guy 's perspective ) shade `` you 're a rock star , '' i mutter to the guy in the mirror as i tug his black tie into a crisp bow .
i notice she 's wearing a prim black dress and a crisp white apron .
she pauses for a second , then responds in a crisp , telemarketer-sounding voice .
finally , the carlsons ' lawyer stands and explains the family 's position in a crisp monotone .
it 's not loud , but it 's crisp and clear .
it 's a sunny morning , with a crisp blue sky stretching over miles of vineyards .
the air is cool and crisp at 6 a.m. as i head down i-680 toward walnut creek and dublin , which will get me close to i-5 south .
he 's got them washed and dried on one of the casino 's monogrammed towels within seconds , but after that his eyes flick up to the mirror , and i guess he notices at the same time i do that his crisp dress shirt is bloodstained , too .
my gaze zips over him , from his neatly tousled hair to his crisp white shirt , to his big hands , spread out on the table .
he looks so crisp and perfect i expect to hear crackling when he walks .
the air was crisp , so it felt like i should be seeing dead things and red leaves , but this place looked more like a garden in spring .
`` byron knight here to see bill berkshire , '' he said with crisp efficiency .
i take a deep breath in and out , and watch my breath float through the crisp december air as i lean the ladder against the eaves of the house , ensuring that it 's planted solidly in the snow and wo n't slip .
the paneling is a deep mahogany , and the tables are draped with crisp white cloths .
i 'd just walked home , so i already knew the weather was crisp and clear .
i remembered the way i 'd come awake the next morning , clear and crisp and nightmare free .
i breathe in the clean , crisp scent of his cologne , like the woods after a rain .
he speaks into a headset as he paces behind his desk in a perfectly tailored double-breasted suit in a dark pewter over a crisp white shirt .
it 's crisp and clean and makes me think of escape .
it 's low to the ground and is made up with crisp white sheets .
`` i really do n't mean to be a huge pest , '' she says in a voice that is crisp and precise , making me think of the northeast and prep schools .
it was so crisp , the colors so vibrant it almost came across like a photo at first glance .
it did n't help matters that he looked amazing in a crisp tux that had to be custom made to fit those arms of his .
the crisp white against his tanned , tatted skin was just too delicious not to touch .
tristan wore a classic crisp black tux , with a white shirt and tie .
he took a bite , and then told me to open again , feeding me potatoes , thick and strong with garlic , and then green beans , buttery and crisp .
`` it is n't over , '' he said , his voice smooth and his words crisp and formal once again .
i 'd heard him sound formal , almost stuffy , precise , arch and crisp .
it was conservative , solid charcoal gray , with a crisp , spotless white shirt with a lilac tie and matching handkerchief .
she asked , genuinely amazed at the surreal uniformity of the midnight blue sky , the sharp , crisp outlines of the buildings against it , how vibrant and colorful the lights from the high-rises were .
june-perhaps one of the most changeable months in central illinois-segued from a crisp , refreshing spring to a humid , sweltering summer with amazing rapidity .
so for several full moments she allowed herself the sublime pleasure of lying in his strong arms , feeling his crisp chest hair on her cheek ... breathing in his unique scent .
she pressed her aching nipples into vic 's hard chest , scraping them against his crisp chest hairs .
`` it directly relates to your commission , '' he said , suddenly crisp .
`` you seem a bit out of sorts , '' the housekeeper consoled as she bustled about , pouring hot water into two cups and then arranging some items onto a silver platter : two scones , an exquisite silver spoon and knife , two crisp white cloth napkins , devonshire cream , and jam dolloped into gorgeous china finger bowls .
the next thing she knew , her face was pressed to his hard chest and crisp shirt , and his arms surrounded her .
she grasped at his thick , crisp hair and whimpered .
she used her other hand to touch a thigh , which felt iron hard and was dusted with crisp dark hair .
`` but no , that's- '' `` wait for me , '' ian said to her in his crisp british accent and authoritarian tone , cutting off lagrange 's protests with rapier precision .
she blinked , thinking for a second she 'd misunderstood him saying something so crass in his crisp , accented voice .
he wore an impeccable black suit that highlighted the masculine lines of his long body to perfection , one of the crisp white dress shirts he favored , and a pale silver tie .
the clouds had scattered , and it was turning into a pleasant , crisp fall night .
some strains of music resounded in the crisp , clear air when they reached michigan avenue .
explain yourself , mario , '' lucien said , his tone crisp but neutral now that he understood the nature of the intrusion on his property .
he glanced around at the sound of the crisp , unexpected voice .
i plan to choose her ring tomorrow , '' ian said abruptly , his crisp , british-accented voice somehow not matching his almost tangible tension .
he looked crisp and exotic and so masculine , it made her ache .
she kept her gaze trained on his crisp white dress shirt .
chapter eight it was a cool , crisp , windless morning .
he 'd showered since she 'd last seen him , his well-cut , crisp attire of black pants , white dress shirt , and light gray jacket in attractive contrast to the fact that he had n't shaved this morning and sported a slight scruff on his jaw .
much like that of her grandmother , who had learned english in hong kong , ian 's accent was all crisp , cool control .
he was filled with an irrational urge to set lin soong off balance , to melt her cool exterior , to prove that beneath that crisp , efficient manner , she 'd prove warm and supple beneath his touch .
kam was devastating in the well-cut black suit with crisp white dress shirt and royal blue tie .
`` i ca n't tell you what a pleasure this is for us to meet you as well , '' otto was gushing in crisp , swiss-accented english .
she liked the sensation of crisp male hair and thick , smooth male skin against her lips .
`` you 're all cool and crisp professional on the outside , but this '' -he palmed her entire outer sex with his big hand in a starkly possessive gesture- '' burns white hot .
lin returned a few minutes later wearing the black pants , high heels , and belted blouse she 'd arrived in , looking so crisp , efficient , and untouchable that the memory of her perched naked up on the counter earlier , her eyes shining with lust in the mirror , seemed downright implausible to kam .
he looked wonderful to her , not to mention extremely handsome in a dark gray suit with crisp white dress shirt and black-and-silver striped tie .
she leaned down and pressed her face to his chest , inhaling his delicious scent running her lips over his hard muscle and crisp hair .
they resumed walking , a crisp april breeze blowing past them that smelled remarkably like rain as they neared christopher street .
she loved his sharp style , his power ties and crisp shirts , the cuffs and how he rolled them up revealing those forearms , so thick and strong .
he unbuttoned a few buttons of his crisp white shirt , stretched his neck from side to side , and reached for his phone .
taking his time he opened it up , wet a finger , and counted some crisp bills .
he wore a crisp white button-down shirt , and his purple tie .
she smoothed a hand over her pencil skirt , adjusted the collar on her crisp white blouse , and changed from flats to her black pumps .
`` michelle here , '' she said in a crisp , business-like tone as she tucked her shirt into her skirt .
shayla was dressed to perfection today , as always-decked out in crisp linen pants , leather heels , and a pretty peach silk top .
`` explain this to me , '' her friend said in her crisp , british accent .
`` exactly , '' she said with a crisp nod , and it hit him .
in a crisp black suit and a matching cap , the driver held open the door .
the man was beautiful-so stunning in a tailored suit that fit him like a dream , a crisp white shirt , and a thin black tie that she wanted to grab , and use to tug him close to her .
`` sure , '' michelle said with a crisp nod .
with her dark hair pinned neatly in a french twist , and a pair of brown leather boots for fall , sutton looked crisp and gorgeous when michelle spotted her resting against the street sign , tapping away on her phone .
he stood in the hallway wearing charcoal slacks , a crisp white shirt , and the navy tie .
she turned around , the ebb and flow of the ocean flitting past her ears , and flopped face down on the crisp white sheets of the king-sized bed .
`` that 's because i have a rehearsal dinner to be at , '' she said in a crisp , businesslike voice .
my hand instinctively reached out to touch his suits and dress shirts hanging perfectly on their hangers , loving the feel of their crisp softness against my fingertips as i ran my hand all the way toward the furthest point of the closet .
just a wide , crisp bed , standing there before us .
i race to unbutton his crisp white dress shirt as he tears open the buckle of his belt .
she took the braised chicken out of the microwave and sat down with the plate , eagerly taking a bite of the savory chicken and crisp green beans .
right this way , '' said a woman dressed in black pants and a crisp white shirt .
his lips were fuller than i expected , and he smelled like a day at the beach , earthy , yet crisp like freshly washed linen .
the walls were a crisp white .
the tables were widely spaced apart , covered with crisp white tablecloths .
it was dressed in crisp white .
his freshly out of the shower scent-clean , crisp , with a hint of sandalwood-filled my nostrils .
deflated , i somehow found myself at the mini bar , taking out a chilled water bottle and hoping the crisp taste on my tongue would help jolt me back from this unsettling feeling that had uncurled in my stomach the second reiss/craig had walked out the door .
the muscles in his arms bulged against the expensive fabric of his crisp white shirt .
i got out of the car and looked around , breathing in the crisp , fresh air .
we sat down to a feast complete with some crisp and fruity white wine that seemed to go with every bite .
his crisp white shirt accentuated his tawny skin and gold-brown hair .
gingerbread scented candles mingled their sweetness with the crisp piney greens .
the champagne is bright and crisp and sweet on my tongue , but i do n't enjoy it as much as i might because i 'm suddenly again overwhelmed by the intensity of this all .
if i close my eyes and breathe deeply , i can catch the first wisps of the bright , crisp scent of summer .
the grass was tall and green , littered with little purple , white , and yellow flowers , and the air smelled crisp and clean .
the cool september weather was crisp and carried the smells of gasoline and pastries fresh out of the oven .
he was in a black suit and tie with a crisp white shirt underneath .
a long swallow of the crisp grigio left tingles on the roof of my mouth .
he tasted like fresh mint and crisp wine .
i gripped his crisp shirt in my fists and ripped it open .
the walk home in the crisp air felt good against my face .
i straightened my stance , made sure my usual black pencil skirt and white button-up was crisp and neat , and made the long walk to the office , and person , i had been dreading all weekend .
it was dark and the spring air was crisp .
his mouth hovered over mine and the crisp smell of him engulfed me .
and that promise was in a crisp black tuxedo with the most hypnotic green eyes .
i could tell by the crisp morning air and faded beams of yellow coming through the window that it was barely sunup .
everything is bright white , crisp and clean , and i 'd think it was a hotel room , with how impersonal it feels , if it was n't for the fact that there 's no goddamn bathroom in the vicinity .
he lays me back on the crisp white sheets , him on top , his weight pressing down on me , constricting my chest .
reaching over , i run my hand along the crisp white sheets .
i stagger across the room , her body colliding with the crisp sheets of the still made bed in the dim lighting .
finally , he looks up and speaks in a clear , crisp detached tone .
my tone with her is crisp and snide .
`` yes , '' he says with crisp and accentuated articulation , `` val and i were lovers .
white crisp shirt .
i shrug it off my shoulders , but not before taking a second to appreciate the fine feel of the feather light wool between my fingers and the crisp scent of cologne lightly permeating the fabric .
it 's refreshing and crisp .
turkey , strips of crisp bacon , avocado spread , gruyere cheese , and thick slices of tomato marinated in vinaigrette .
i slide into the seat next to him and accept the glass of cool , crisp wine he passes me .
colton suggests a white wine from a local vineyard and when it arrives , i 've never tasted anything quite so light , crisp and refreshing .
i find him in the kitchen , dressed in a dark suit , crisp white shirt , and a navy blue tie .
when pace steps out of the walk-in closet , he 's dressed in navy suit pants , and a crisp white shirt with a gray tie .
sophie found herself drawn towards it , struck by the ambient warmth inside compared to the crisp freshness outside , as she laid a palm against the glass .
she asked , as he topped up her wine glass with crisp , chilled chablis .
her fingers shook as she peeled back the crisp black tissue paper within .
the bright , crisp days she 'd experienced back then had given way to long polar winter nights .
he was gorgeous ; a tall , lithe body wrapped in a crisp , charcoal three-piece suit .
their crisp suits and grim expressions made them dead ringers for my visitor from before .
he wore a pressed cotton shirt the color of vine-ripened tomatoes , which emphasized his 'black irish ' dark good looks , crisp jeans and a straw hat .
the table was covered with a crisp linen tablecloth .
followed by the sweet scent of wild summer roses , the crisp , clean tang of freshly laundered clothes hanging on the line , and an earthy trace of newly mown grass .
maybe the sunshine and crisp air had brought out her melancholy .
she rubbed her lips down the delineated line between his pecs , loving how the crisp hair tickled her chin and cheek .
gavin tried to focus on the scenery ; the crisp air and the shadows skittering across the ground as clouds clustered and broke apart overhead .
her hands followed the outside of his thighs ; the crisp hair on his legs abraded her palms .
dark cinch jeans-which she preferred to wranglers-a black wool vest worn over a crisp white shirt and a black hat .
nothing sexier than a cowboy in a crisp white shirt , a black hat and a pair of cinch jeans . ''
she whispered , for fear of being heard by stephanos , who was now unloading boxes and shouting instructions to a crew decked out in crisp white shirts .
she felt her body soften and melt into the crisp sheets beneath them as his eyes roamed across her naked body .
she frowned and twiddled a crisp , white edge of bedding between her fingers .
kizzy winced as she eased herself upright against the crisp hospital linen .
if it had been possible , he might have considered spending the rest of his life at havilland , in his stark white room , with crisp white sheets and simple white venetian blinds .
it was one of those late autumn mornings with crisp cool air and only a few clouds in the sky .
and though she could see a black jacket hanging on his hawkish executive chair , he was n't wearing a tie , and the top two buttons of his crisp , white button-up shirt were open , allowing it to stretch across his broad chest in a very unbusiness-like way .
diana 's voice came down the line , crisp but distraught .
and he smelled so good , like soap and whatever expensive shampoo he had used to wash his hair , it put her in mind of a crisp arctic tundra .
she thought her golden dress was a showstopper , but nikolai was equally holding his own in an elegant black suit paired with a crisp white shirt .
`` i have something to show you , '' he said , his tone was unusually cool and crisp .
i took a deep breath of cool , crisp air and focused on the here and now .
i looked at her through a strand of hair that had blown around my shoulder in the crisp breeze , and i just could n't resist .
as a matter of fact , i needed this time , i needed the gentle brisk flow of air and the night 's crisp kiss on my flushed cheeks that a slow ride had to offer , so that i could mull things over .
the darkness , having also escaped its prison , was now swelling in my mind , expanding beyond their delusional limitation that was once my flesh , polluting the pure and crisp lake that was now drinking me in .
i took a deep , long breath of crisp , mountain air , and then closed my eyes for the very last time .
`` luna , your boyfriend does have wings , '' izzy 's voice was crisp and clear .
but it gave way to my force , snapping like crisp , frozen branches on a tree , until i was fully inside .
his crisp , blue eyes seemed to dim the instant the words tumbled from my mouth .
my father also wore dark slacks with expensive italian shoes and a crisp , white dress shirt .
he had already removed his jacket and tie , and the first few buttons of his crisp , white dress shirt were unbuttoned .
it was a deep sound , slightly cavernous and cold , but at the same time crisp and appealing .
holding my hand as we walk on campus the next morning , the air is crisp but all i feel is noahs warmth .
felicity could almost feel the crisp chill to the water , the slimy texture to the rounded rocks that shifted in color from tans and browns to grays and blacks .
only his crisp white-button down gave him away for a city-boy , showing a wrinkled shirt tail he hadnt bothered to tuck back into his jeans .
nothing like crisp mountain air to get the juices flowing .
rising from the vehicle , he pushed the door closed and strode over , his white polo shirt crisp against navy blue jeans .
nightfall was submerging the forest around them , injecting the air with a crisp chill .
he was fully dressed , with a pair of crisp trousers , tailored vest , starched white shirt and heavy overcoat .
the worlds water is so crisp and clear .
his jacket hung over one shoulder , and one front side of his crisp , white shirt was sticking out .
there was rabbit and chicken soup , lamb chops dripped with sauce , crisp vegetables smothered with cream and all kinds of sweetmeats .
he had on a crisp white button-up shirt that did wonders for his chest .
the white ferrari that connor drove made jon 's red mustang look plebeian , and when jon tried to ingratiate himself with connor by letting him copy his homework assignments , connor cut off any possibility of social ties by putting a crisp fifty-dollar bill on jon 's desk .
chapter 1 the leaves were turning , and the air was crisp and cool , swirling around as the chicago wind is famously known to do .
she stood just inside the stone arch and inhaled the crisp , slightly-musty aroma of old knowledge .
the steeple of a crisp , white chapel peered over the lower roofs , confirming her suspicion at the same time it passed silent judgment on all her kind .
the light already shifted toward dark , lengthening shadows and trailing a crisp chill against any exposed skin .
the sheets were impeccably crisp and snowy white , serving to remind me precisely how new the ship itself was .
elaine walked through the door and closed it slowly , strolling in front of the bed and fishing something out of her crisp white apron .
the crisp white paper was instantly ablaze , burning in hues of blue and orange .
both were quiet as she slipped into a simple gray silk dress and low pumps , and he dressed in a conservative suit , crisp white shirt , dark tie , and highly-polished dress shoes .
emma jerked in surprise when she heard a crisp , oddly patterned knock at the door .
her tone was curt , crisp , so like miss levine 's .
it did have the musty smell of a closed room , and the bedcovers and all the cushions looked crisp and new .
he carried me outside where the crisp evening air slammed against my hot face .
`` mr. tate , '' sylvia said in a crisp tone that was reminiscent of miss levine .
they were at odds with his neat , crisp clothing .
mr. wiggam did n't quite meet my eyes , or those of his widow and her guestsnone of whom could see him anywayand he fidgeted with his crisp white silk necktie as if it strangled him .
his scent reminded her of the forest after a downpour , light and crisp , her favorite smell .
he wore a dark grey suit and a metallic tie with an engraved silver tie clip that fastened to a crisp , plum-colored shirt .
i stood with her and took the card , letting the crisp points dig into the pads of my thumbs and forefingers .
he would eat garlicky oysters and wash them down with crisp white wine and the words he wrote would be clear and true .
she was wearing panties and a crisp white tank over her bra and held up a familiar item on a hanger .
the dream-sara is wearing a crisp white linen suit and an extremely smug expression as she looks down at melanie .
cool air filtered in through the window , the breeze crisp and cleansing .
the moon was high in the sky , the air cool and crisp and clean , the kind of night that held magic in the air .
*** i woke up the next morning , stiff and tired , amidst crisp cotton sheets , cellphone inches away from my fingers .
a woman with a crisp blazer , slacks , and glasses stood at the opening of the doorway , glancing around the waiting room .
he was feeling stronger in the crisp moist air than he had earlier , but the soreness lingered .
she took a sip of the wine , enjoying the crisp taste .
beside me , hundreds of men stopped work to watch the flaming ship under a crisp blue sky and behind me , every woman and child in north-end halifax pressed their noses to the windows for a better view of the tower of smoke .
his voice is deep , crisp , with an early morning raspiness to it that inflicts a serious bout of shakes and quakes in my tummy.ugh .
bootlegged blue jeans , crisp white shirt and the most wickedly handsome smile .
inhaling deeply , i can smell the clean , crisp air .
anticipating the aroma of burning wood , i inhale deeply , but only a crisp pine scent tickles my nostrils .
he backs us towards the cool crisp water .
she undid the bag and showed me a crisp black suit ; it looked exactly like the one i was wearing only that one was designer .
he took a bite of the crisp , hot french fries , seasoned with a hint of cayenne pepper .
the winter night air was crisp and well lit from the street lights .
she rang a bell on the desk and a woman in jeans and a crisp dress shirt approached her .
sometimes , she looked as thin as a reed in long , cuffed trousers and a crisp blouse .
hill was dressed in a crisp white shirt , and a double-breasted black suit with high lapels .
jackson wilders card was fairly new , the edges still crisp with plastic .
he was unspeakably handsome in his fawn cut-away tailcoat over a crisp white linen shirt and form fitting breeches .
daniel called in an uncommonly crisp tone to gain their attention , catching them before they could make their exit .
the air was sweet , the crisp trade winds blowing down from the mountain fanning her hair out behind her and shaping her thin robe to her slim body .
his eyes are clear , his shorts and t-shirt look crisp and his dark hair is thick and shiny .
before we exchange the cosy warmth of the pub for the crisp spring night air , i glance over my shoulder at the mccartney table .
girls and chocolate it is the following wednesday evening , and i am having a late night chat with dad , my mum having just gone to bed after making a pot of tea and a few crisp sandwiches .
i see an image in my head of him punching the air with joy that a sony trinitron tv is undamaged , while betty from the cash office burns to a crisp .
it is a pleasant , crisp winter 's day , and i am walking alongside this beautiful girl and her friendly dog .
clean , crisp late fall air hit her lungs as she looked out at the horizon .
he was dressed in a crisp , black armani suit and green , italian-silk tie .
the crisp scent of sweat and soap surrounded her as his lips lifted in a slow , smug smile .
the air was cold and crisp and the sun was just coming up .
some years the weather is crisp and dry , and the trees dazzle with their rich colors .
breathing in the crisp air , i grinned back .
his laugh was like a bell chiming out , cutting the crisp air with it 's majestic sound .
the crisp air revitalized her , freezing her worry about what she might do and replacing it with a modicum of ease .
with a crisp above 90 % . ''
kaitlyn opened the book and flipped the crisp pages through her fingers , first looking for the word car , as in car crash .
the air was crisp and clean , and any other time she would be basking in the warmth .
breathing deeply , the air smelled crisp and brisk with a full moon trying to break through the clouds as a light drizzle fell on old town .
colin shook his headshe found joy in the simplest of things , it was refreshing , like the crisp smell of evergreens in a wooded snowy forest .
we could have taken one of the trucks , but i thought youd enjoy the crisp , winter day and an old-fashioned ride in the sleigh .
emily smiled , happy with the day , enjoying the cold , crisp air .
when the words came out crisp and clear and familiar , the fishermen closed his eyes and laughed a guttural , grateful laugh .
it smelled like a crisp , ocean breeze mixed with the most divine , mouth-watering cologne money could buy .
he was wearing a crisp white shirt with the outline of a wife-beater underneath .
hes in khakis and a crisp white button-up shirt .
his khakis hang on him perfectly and hes wearing a crisp , white button down shirt with the top two buttons undone .
the cool , crisp wind gave me the feeling of being free .
the crisp autumn air was a little bit chilly , but the sun was warm today .
vaughan broke through the crisp sounds of our feet making a path .
pearl looked quite young , maybe in her late 20s or early 30s , and had a calm , serene expression as she walked into the room in her crisp white nurse 's uniform .
the crisp breeze blowing through brings with it memories id rather forget .
even the crisp night air couldnt shake the veil of drowsiness that would lower over her mind .
she relaxed and closed her eyes , waiting for what would come next , shuddering when another howl tore through the crisp air .
the errant gust was gone , the night still and crisp .
she could see for miles and miles , amazed at the foreign landscape , colors and smells crisp , larger than life , and it reminded her of the dream that had kept her up the night before , a dj vu of reality .
issued forth clear and crisp from raleighs mouth .
he was wearing the clothes he had worn the last time she saw him ; dark brown slacks , and a crisp , blue shirt .
she pulled on her running shoes , scribbled a note for lori , and was out in the crisp air fifteen minutes after waking .
it was levi , wearing a deep blue button down shirt , tucked neatly into his crisp , dark trousers .
however , instead of reading the words on the pages , she was envisioning levi in his pale blue waist coat , crisp white shirt , and dark trousers .
a crisp , fresh breeze bent the tall grass , while butterflies danced throughout the field as far as she could see .
they surfaced together , and we could even hear the whooshing sounds as they cleared their blowholes to take in the crisp , san diego air .
it was hot and crisp , and i realized how much i really liked white stone pizza without the tomato sauce .
she guided me out of the front door of the house , and we walked hand in hand towards the golf course , the morning air cool and crisp on our skin .
the musty scent of underbrush mingled with a tantalizing sweet odor as the crisp evening air blew refreshingly in my face .
he 'd paired them with a crisp , light blue button-down shirt that had loose sleeves and snug cuffs .
the back of the restaurant on the first floor was the kitchen , a perfectly kept stainless steel work area with the head chef and his helpers in crisp white linens .
katja felt like the world was crisp , distinctive and spectacularly beautiful .
she turned , and micah was standing in the doorway , looking like a model , wearing clean , name brand jeans and a crisp shirt .
she looked lovely this morning , wearing a crisp new lavender dress , her hair pulled back in a matching bow .
closing her eyes , vera breathed in the crisp december air , escaping for a moment the prison that was her life .
phil took off with a well-mannered lunge , and the sleigh sped down the hill , runners squeaking against the crisp snow .
this was wrong ... tammy , dante 's voice was smooth and crisp .
she took a sip of her first glass of wine ; it was cold , fruity and tasted wonderful and crisp .
i 'm dante , it 's a pleasure to meet you both , he was using that crisp fine tone again .
he wore a black suit and white crisp shirt , his thick dark hair all roughed up and his dark eyes burning into her .
good evening , mrs waters dante said , his voice crisp and neat .
it started as a beautiful , sunny saturday , with the air so clear and crisp , one could n't help but inhale deep breaths of the cleansing freshness , and feel as if a multitude of god 's benevolent blessings must be shining down upon the entire world .
the crisp air and revelry revived her sagging spirits .
the manila corners were crisp and neat , as if he 'd carried his treasure carefully all the way to our office .
judging by their white appearance , the shoes dangling off the seat were new and his little levis were crisp .
inhaling the cold , crisp air , she wiped her face and stepped close to him .
the pages , crisp from unuse , fell open to the book of john .
i look through the glass wall into the bedroom , and all i want to do to fall between those crisp , clean sheets and enter into a dreamless sleep .
his clothes are impeccable : a crisp white , pearl-encrusted fabriskin robe split down the middlemuch like a capeopened to reveal a suit of such a rich blue color that i find it difficult to look away from him .
inhaling deeply , she pulled the crisp scent of the salty breeze into her lungs .
it was crisp and cold , but it did n't loosen the grip of the odd anxiety drumming in her chest .
the air in the vineyard was crisp and cold-too cold for september .
grace is dressed for work in a crisp waitress uniform with her hair pulled into a tight bun .
stars appeared in the crisp night .
harold was a tall distinguished looking man , smartly attired in black pants and a crisp white long-sleeved shirt with a black bow tie .
c h a p t e r seven alex looked like a male model straight out of vogue with a dark black t-shirt and crisp new jeans .
the bed had crisp white sheets and the room was impeccably neat with various art works on the walls .
the longer my body was in contact with his , the stronger i felt ; my vision became crisp ; the colors of the trees turned from dull to vibrant greens and browns .
jessica paused several feet behind her to gather courage and study the familiar womanthe white hair bound in a bun at her nape , her seersucker apron tied ever so neatly around her plump waistline with a perfect crisp bow .
jessica leaned against a porch post , arms crossed in front of her , enjoying the pine scent and crisp morning air .
from the side she noticed the crisp line of his strong jaw as muscles bunched .
no , his gaze had already settled on jessie in the far corner , with her crisp white apron , fetching party dress , and such an expression of concentration as she peeled calf testicles that he wanted to laugh for the sheer joy of the contradiction she was .
i could get used to living in montana in the crisp mountain air .
filling her lungs with the crisp mountain air she soon found herself at the place of solitude and peaceher rock by the stream .
the tension in her shoulders eased as she breathed deeply of clean , crisp aircooled from its sweep over icy mountain water .
the coffee bubbled , sending a fragrance of the heady brew into the crisp morning air .
a high , reedy voice was half-muffled by the thick wood , but she could make it out in the crisp night air .
he wore a well-tailored white tunic , and the crisp cut of his blond hair matched the frosty gaze in his eyes .
you rode well , for a girl , he snapped , turning his head with a crisp motion , his blond hair ruffling in the wind .
she took in a lung-filling breath , relishing the salt air , the crisp freshness , the even rhythm of the swells as they moved out as far as the eye could see .
she loved the crisp , sweet scent of the freshly cut lawn and watched a white peacock in elegant feathers call a greeting as it strolled along the lake .
he looked rested , his shirt clean and crisp , almost freshly ironed .
he wore a crisp blue shirt , tailored pants , and shiny brown leather shoes .
juliuss shirt was a little less crisp and his mood a little less congenial than the previous night , but still he spoke and they listened , nodding their heads at appropriate intervals .
wearing a stark black suit with a crisp white shirt , she spoke first .
he held two crisp green one-hundred-euro bills out to me .
outwardly confident , commanding , intimidating , even casually dressed in dark jeans and a crisp white v-necked t-shirt that showed a hint of the dark hair on his chest .
here , he says , handing me a roll of crisp fifties .
thank you , she said in a firm natural voice that seemed louder and clearer in the crisp twilight with the tractor popping in the background beneath their new perch .
other than a crisp wave as she got out of the car , he stood above her unmoving , watching her every step as she walked along the sidewalk and around to the stairs .
abigail stepped onto the porch and inhaled the crisp air .
dan dropped his crisp packet onto the floor .
what should have been blurs of dark greens , reds , and oranges , were crisp outlines of wet leaves , rocks , and the creatures among them .
it was crisp and smelled like winter ; someone must have turned on the furnace .
we parked in a large detached garage , which also housed a couple of motorcycles , the gt , and something under a crisp white car-cover .
it was a king size , with crisp white sheets , four plump pillows and a beige bed scarf with the hyatt regency logo embroidered in the corner .
he won , making short work of the final button and peeling the white , crisp shirt off his shoulders .
`` a driver 's license telling me you 're thirty , a few crisp one hundred dollar bills , some- '' `` give that back ! ''
i member one night , it was early in the spring an the air crisp that we went outside wrapped in our blanket together to sit under the moon .
she tasted like chocolate , spice , and his essence , she smelled like fresh everglades in the crisp dusk .
id better get started on the apple crisp if its going to be done on time .
one large pan of apple crisp should be plenty , lauren decided , plenty for a sunday night with only the huntington party and the other two couples in the dining room .
it didnt take long to get the apple crisp was in the oven , and then lauren did whatever task phyllis assigned her , both of them chatting away .
a thousand dollars sat in crisp splendor on his palm .
retreat not only freed them from classes , it also gave the nuns a rest , and most of them spent part of that free time walking the grounds , filling the crisp fall air with prayers and the clicking of rosaries .
the next day mag showed her how to bake bread and to cook ribs so they left behind crisp brown bits to flavor the potato dumplings she also taught clen how to make .
she closed her eyes , listening to the sounds of birds singing and squirrels scampering through the crisp leaf litter .
running through the crisp night air and dense forest , i know i dont have much time before andrew returns and comes looking for me .
i looked to the woman who was probably in her mid-fifties , with golden-blonde hair pulled up in a bun at the crown of her head and a crisp white uniform with a black-checked apron .
by the time we walked out the door to head home , the night air of early march had turned crisp and our breath was visible in the moonlight .
now , they were crisp and clear , and thanks to my wonderful , funny , and sweetest-ever great-great-grandma rose , who had pointed out who was who , i knew exactly who every one of her siblings were and had added digital close-ups of their individual faces to each of their family tree profiles .
he was in a crisp white jacket with a red emblem over the breast pocket , which held a comb and pen .
*** as i stepped out into the cool early october evening , the harvest moon was just rising over the square and the tumble of dry , crisp autumn leaves scattered by the wind danced out of my path .
if it wasnt for nathaniels loyalty and encouragement , he guessed his wings wouldve been burnt to a crisp before now .
along with the crisp white wine and hearty , crusty bread , the meal revived her spirits .
he 'd be wearing a crisp light blue cotton shirt with short sleeves and his healthy brown arms would invite stroking .
what she really wanted to do was to run her lips up and down the side of his strong neck , down into the never seen chest under the crisp light blue summer shirt , down , down ... . chapter twenty nine wake up , sleepyhead , sally said gently to ruth as they pulled up in front of the entrance to sally 's apartment house .
we were ready to spend the afternoon together underneath our favorite apple tree , until the crisp summer skies gave way to menacing gray clouds and heavy rain .
his crisp , business-like voice punctuated his sentence .
they stepped out into the crisp morning air , heading to the scriptorium for english .
he handed the cute , dark-haired girl a crisp bill , making sure to add a twenty dollar tip .
outside , the air was crisp and cool .
she closed her eyes and took a deep breath of the crisp night air .
a crisp breeze stirred the dried leaves that had fallen from trees that lined the property .
the moon shone crisp and vibrant in the sky , illuminating the night 's moisture upon the statues and flora .
delighted by these surroundings , medusa took in the moonlit splendor , breathing in the crisp air and running her fingertips along the hedges at her hips .
his crisp british accent seemed strange with his crazed appearance .
*** junetwo months before accident the ribbon-wrapped box sits on the crisp white linens of the hotel bed , and i creep toward it , unable to resist the lure of an unexpected gift .
the tie , smoky blue , stood out handsomely against the crisp white shirt and brown coat .
the pop-tops crisp release was lost beneath the whoosh of escaping soda and neil saw no benefit in lingering .
the bitter wind of the past few days had vanished and there was even a slight promise of the coming spring in the crisp air .
after being the nave moth drawn to the light and ending up burned to a crisp in the flame , why did she react so easily to this new temptation ?
have a salty crisp , then lets get some good grease in you for breakfast .
he has dark , brown hair and those crisp , dreamy blue eyes i blushed .
instead of his crisp suit , he was wearing jeans and a polo .
chapter eight the next morning , i woke to fresh , crisp violets in front of my door .
in the time span of five minutes , he handed me a perfectly crisp pancake with golden syrup .
he wore a crisp white shirt tucked into his light colored jeans , and dark brown boots .
he wore dark crisp jeans and a pressed white shirt that showed just how tan he was .
second , crust characteristicscrust should be flaky with just the right amount of sweetness and crisp texture .
the air had been crisp , but the sun warmed her face as they ate together on the blanket .
they had enjoyed taking hikes up camelback mountain on crisp fall mornings , and heading up to the san francisco peaks in northern arizona on sweltering summer days to escape the heat .
i got a little more crisp .
the guys moved crisp , every move was beyond perfect .
birds were chirping and it was a crisp , sunny , 50 degrees .
as they navigated the paved path and approached the rear parking lot , the smell of burning timber infused the crisp autumn air , and her stomach began to quaver .
stepping out into the crisp and comparably quiet fall evening , melissa felt relieved ; the best part of their date was before them .
stopping on the grass just before reaching the stoneedged border of the gravel driveway , she inhaled the crisp air , turning her eyes heavenward as she did so .
he reached his hands out behind the collar of terzinis crisp , white dress shirt .
the crisp autumn air offered no reprieve .
chapter 18 alices restart the day dawned clear and crisp , a little warmer than average for a fall day , and a perfect day for a wedding .
the first thing sophie did was suck in a lungful of crisp , night air .
sophie greedily gulped in the crisp oxygen .
the food was fresh and hot , salads crisp and cool , and she smiled easily at each and every customer .
none of it had happened because one crisp october afternoon gloria forgot to pull up on madame bovarys reins , and the mare had stumbled , fallen forward against the fence and then down , taking gloria with her , the shrill scream of rider and animal blending as they hit the ground .
i remember when i first learned i was a vampire , thinking i could n't go out in the sun or i 'd burn to a crisp .
the winter air was crisp , refreshing , but it did n't help as much as i had hoped .
`` nothing like the crisp winter air and the blankets pulled up , '' i said .
tom noticed that the woman , probably in her early fortys , was still trying to catch her breath from either running from the parking lot with a child who looked too big to be carried in her arms , the crisp cold night air , or both .
the crisp piece of paper had a notarys stamp , next to the witnesses signatures .
opening her eyes , she saw a clear reflection of herself in a shop window on the other side of the street ; tall and slim , the beautiful line of her hips outlined by a crisp pencil skirt , and suddenly her lips curved in pure joy .
she wiped away the running mascara , took her contacts out , changed into her own shoes and removed her lipstick ; unearthed a sloppy old cardigan from the filing cabinet and slung it over blanches crisp white shirt .
petya raised her eyebrows : suzie wasnt usually that crisp .
the air was crisp , and the streetlights were flickering as they lit up and she hailed a cab .
it was criminal that he couldnt wash down his sandwiches with a crisp ale or sit companionably in the bar quietly observing the characters of the town .
it wasnt like determining if a chocolate caramel pecan cookie needed to be crisp or soft .
on the terrace , the crisp breeze , with the sun already over the hill of posillipo , when the sea becomes blue and the houses at the foot of vesuvius more distinct , they invented the music and the words of a song .
i pulled out another crisp white shirt and decided against a tie .
she could see its pointed teeth and knew that it could rip her to shreds in an instant , or burn her to a crisp with one hot breath .
the wine list was long and did n't have prices , and the waiters wore crisp black suits .
half an hour later she was dressed in a navy blue suit and crisp white shirt .
the morning air felt crisp but not particularly cold , the sun burning off all but the last traces of last nights cloud cover .
in her head , the son-checking alarm went off and maddie looked across the street just in time to see half a dozen kids exiting the glass doors , each presumably with a crisp $ 20 bill in hand .
she could almost feel the crisp wind against her cheeks ; feel the stinging in her eyes as she squinted into the breeze .
cadiche got straight to the point , out of uniform and in a slick suit the new minister of police looked impressive , his dark skin standing out against the collar of a crisp white shirt .
he was wearing a white shirt and jeans again , but when he stepped closer i could tell that his clothes were crisp and nice-smelling and definitely not the same ones hed worn yesterday .
hes wearing another smart suit , a crisp white shirt open at his neck , contrasting with the deep gold of his tan .
he does one arm and then the other , his skin golden and dusted with hair beneath the crisp cotton .
hes wearing a pair of dark jeans that hug the curve of his ass , with a crisp white shirt open at the throat to show his tanned skin and a dusting of dark hairs .
the air was crisp and frigid .
the air smells crisp and clean from the dewy plants and moisture as i make my way onto the wooden bridge ; it separates the upper and lower village .
jakes crisp clean suit made a striking contrast with the other mans dusty worn work clothes .
the crisp night air and dreamy moonlight sealed the breach between the inner world of the house and the outside world of shadows and fantasies .
several large ice sculptures amazed those on hand with their crisp detail .
her voice crisp as she remained hidden .
she waved off the driver , stood , then shook gritty brick dust from the crisp folds of her skirt .
they paddled so quickly with each stroke smoothly cutting the surface of the crisp water that the seals lost interest in them , and headed off to more interesting pursuits .
) , potato salad , and a crisp apple pie .
they saddled their horses and led them out of the barn into the crisp morning .
chapter 4 chelsea awoke to hot sunlight burning over her eyelids and face , cool , crisp sheets against her skin , and the smell of coffee .
a few small pieces of food flew out of my mouth onto the crisp white table cloth .
they all wore outfits nearly identical to his formal black tuxedoes , crisp white shirts .
she wore black jeans that looked new and a short-sleeved , olive-green shirt that looked crisp and neat .
the grass was crisp here and it made a crunching sound with each step .
chestnut hair is luminous beneath the fluorescent lights and falls into his eyes charmingly , shifting to reveal brilliant slate-blue eyes that are crisp with anger .
heavy clouds hang over the mountains like a scowl and the scent of snow is on the air , a crisp , biting taste that burns my throat pleasantly .
notify the authorities , '' he barks , his voice calm and crisp .
a man and a woman follow , obviously phillip 's parents , their features oddly bland when compared with the crisp good looks of their son .
there was a small old couch lying in the wooden portico , with neat and crisp cushion covers .
it had a twin bed with a crisp bed sheet with floral patterns and a homemade quilt .
the crisp chemical fragrance of the ice and zamboni ; the old beer spilled on the floor ; the popcorn scents in the stands .
i bolt them down , and they taste heavenly ; probably due to my intense hungerim not usually a crisp gal .
the day is sunny , yet crisp .
the air is crisp , but it feels good ; refreshing after spending the weekend in a curtained cubical that smelled of disinfectant .
no seeds from plants that had been burned to a crisp could possibly be viable .
it was nice by the fire ; the dancing flames were soothing after the crisp autumn air .
laura breathed in the crisp air , taking in the scents of her well-oiled leather gear , the freshly turned dirt beneath their feet , and the musky stables nearby .
lesser demons and minions would be burned to a crisp instantly if they entered the powerful flames without lucifers permission .
the morning air is crisp , the fog having burned off in the last hour , although if i look toward the golden gate bridge i know ill see the russet towers rising from a white snowscape .
the mountain air is warm but crisp from the altitude , and the surrounding snow-capped mountains thrust into the sky like broken teeth .
the crisp white linen shirt accentuated the breadth of his muscular shoulders and chest .
too large , she rasped , turned like a zombie , and glided shakily to the door , only to find her exit blocked by an amber-eyed rock of gibraltar in crisp linen shirt and trousers so tight she wondered , even in her haze , how he was managing to draw air .
the crisp , post-storm air blew against them , fanning tabithas hair out over the courtyard like a blond banner , but doing nothing to cool the scorch of angry mortification .
the crisp winter air burned her nose .
what once was only crisp harmless snow had melted and refroze into something quite treacherous .
even the crisp night air can not clear the swimming sea in my mind .
i see the cabin and feel the cool crisp air surrounding me as leaves crush below feet which are not my own .
we walk around the park and the fresh crisp air does make me feel better , but the lack of food in my system makes me weak .
the air is crisp and the park is bustling .
always his hair curled around his crisp white collars .
i slid the elegant card out of the crisp envelope .
to the casual observer , we might have looked like a loving couple , me in my summer dress , william looking smart in his crisp gray shirt and black dress pants .
tink said , slapping a crisp ten dollar bill on the table .
the crisp night air helped me regain my composure .
it was a cold night , crisp and clear and i think there were more stars visible than i 'd ever seen .
it was going to be one of those cold , crisp , clear nights bathed in moonlightbeautiful and exhilarating .
in the crisp light of the morning , she had to finally admit that what had happened last night was not a dream .
each arrived in separate cars to ema 's home , a crisp type of vibrancy in the air .
during the next few days at the kitchen table , lorenzo opened up the el paso news one crisp morning .
i could feel the rough texture of the oak trees bark beneath my fingers , breathe in the crisp juniper and pine , see the gentle golden glistening of witch hazel along the edge of the ravine .
the evening was crisp and bright , with a quarter-moon crescent shining boldly through the night sky .
it was just the right combination of crisp lettuce and creamy dressing .
well , that should be easy , then , he pointed out , taking a bite of the crisp garlic bread .
the wood floors were shining with polish , every table gleamed , and even the air smelled fresh and crisp .
it was like a forest , crisp this smells like juniper , i said at last , puzzled .
there was nobody here , of course - just me , the crunch of the sand , and the crisp wind stinging my cheeks .
at least there was no wind , but the air was crisp .
the aroma drifted up around me , of daisy and goldenrod and something crisp .
it was sharp and crisp , and showed off his broad shoulders to perfection .
he wore another expensive suit with a crisp yellow tie and silver cufflinks peeking out from the jacket sleeves .
she wore a crisp white suit with a short , summer jacket , all accessorized with heavy silver jewelry and red nailpolish .
the night is crisp and clear even with the gentle dusting of snow still lazily drifting down .
her wild red hair is spread over the crisp white sheets on her bed .
the crisp smell of warm bread and smoked ham alerted my senses .
my mamas smile was as familiar to me as the warmth of the sun , her touch as memorable as the crisp , light air of a summer breeze .
i pray that this flight has a crisp diet coke .
i lift my story up off my crisp army sheet and hand it over .
the church bells were bonging , the air was crisp and invigorating , the day was full of promise .
the vegetable tasted better than he expected , crisp and wholesome .
she took a bite of the apple and the crisp , sweet tart taste flooded her mouth .
on this crisp and exhilarating autumn morning , most all of liberty fair and her neighboring communities had turned out for the agricultural show .
despite this request , flora kenerson began frantically thumbing through the crisp , new pages .
a crisp , regal nod answered her .
olivers crisp , east coast accent sharpened .
pulling off my sneakers , i slid back onto the cool crisp sheets , which smelled like bleach and detergent with a faint floral scent mixed in .
i needed to clear my head he took a good look at her and noticed how beautiful she looked with her cheeks flushed from the crisp outdoor air .
cassie held her breath as the elderly woman shakily moved the scissors perilously close to the yarn she 'd just cast off and then , with a crisp movement , snipped the yarn off perfectly .
you should take lessons from rosie and connor if you want to get that look right , but she passed over a forkful of the crisp pastry and crme anyway , her other hand held under to catch any stray globs of custard .
nope his tone is crisp .
his voice is crisp and smooth .
the air was cool , more crisp than before .
he paused , inhaling a deep breath of crisp december air , while gazing at the blue-white brilliance of stars shining against an inky , moonless sky .
as i walk home through the crisp autumn air , the memory consumes my thoughts .
the coating on it was nicely crisp with a subtle hint of some spices .
theres a four-poster bed in the middle of the room , covered with crisp linens , and a rack full of objects i cant make out in the dark .
clean , modern , crisp .
just cool , slate grey walls , a sleek dresser , and a huge king-sized bed made up with crisp dark linens .
the trousers sagged about the crotch and there were loose folds of skin , like a poorly tied cravat , at the open neck of his shirt , but the cut of the jacket was crisp , the cuffs not too frayed .
separating these two worlds , what now seemed to him to be two distinct companies , was a vast stretch of tarmacadam neatly segmented by crisp white lines .
lace curtains hung at the windows of his house , always crisp and white even though he was a bachelor ; each night a cosy light burned , as warm and welcoming as the whisky glow cast on the pavement at the open door of a tavern , and by daylight the burnt sienna bricks were radiant , glowing more fiercely with the changing seasons .
echo sat on a bed and gave a crisp report while a doctor examined her and gave her a shot .
the night was crisp , cool , with the promising nip of winter soon to come .
satisfied , she walked to the deck railing and took a deep breath of the crisp air .
chapter 10 port of vicksburg amelia breathed deeply of the cool , crisp air .
he looks very handsome in his crisp white dress shirt and pinstriped navy slacks .
we pass the marble countertop bar , and several tables decked with crisp white tablecloths and fancy silverware .
the air is dry and crisp .
by the time we hit the edge of the property , the crisp air and smell of an approaching storm clear my mind of all things today and over the last week .
the air is crisp and the newly falling snowflakes swirl around me like a hug from an old friend , welcoming me home .
the air smelled clean , crisp , and had a rewarding freshness to it that anyone should have enjoyed .
skimming my eyes over the length of him , i took in his striking suit , shiny black shoes , crisp white shirt beneath , and red silk tie .
even like that , she was so beautiful , and i was still so pumped up from the adrenaline that i had needed to fight , and the excitement i felt at being free , and the euphoria i felt at feeling that warm sunshine and smelling that beautiful , crisp pangaean air .
his gaze continued to hold mine as he lead me to our table ; a plush candlelit setting that boasted crisp ivory linens and beautiful rose print china .
taking me gently into the clasp of his strong , sturdy arms , oliver pulled me closer than close as we swung across the crisp tiled floor ; staring deep into my eyes as our hands joined and our gazes collided .
i felt his hot , crisp breath on my neck and inhaled his citrus-tinged scent ; all the while all too aware of how beautifully and naturally my body fit against his .
the gathered crowd seemed to part for our benefit as we made our way across the crisp tiled floor ; both admiring the chandeliers that hung low from the ballrooms domed ceiling , which also came adorned with a rendering of a winged cherub flying free across a jewel blue sky .
my cheeky grin dissolved abruptly as i saw a crisp piece of ivory white stationery laying on his pillow ; one i retrieved with uncertain fingers as i struggled to focus my bleary eyes .
your faxes , she announced , tone cool and crisp .
i looked over at hestia with guilt clearly written on my face as the beautiful alter burned to a crisp .
the white crisp papers were littered with red marks too numerous to count that to my own eyes , the papers seemed to be nothing but scribbles of red words , burying in them the real words that i initially wrote .
he was vaguely russian and still had a trace of an accent , whereas ravi spoke with the crisp , clipped tones of someone whos british prep school had cost his parents a great deal of money .
the room at the hotel was quite nice decorated in masculine shades of brown and black , with crisp white sheets and a view of the hotel pool .
then he got into a bed so starchy and crisp it was like sleeping inside a paper envelope .
he picked up the phone , ready to exchange some rather crisp sentiments with whatever idiot in reception had programmed the call for the wrong time .
one stayed inside the house fumbling with the light fittings , the other unlocked the back door and came out into the crisp winter night .
pleasure to see you this evening , a man in a crisp black shirt said , approaching us .
i reached for it , gently unfolding the crisp , white stationary .
the crisp september wind , that marked the change from summer to fall , made me feel like something unusual was in the air .
he gave a curt nod followed by a crisp salute .
bud griffith rounded the corner dressed in a dark gray suit , crisp white shirt and an elegant red and silver tie .
* * * cass looked out at the crisp winter landscape as she and oscar rumbled along toward the lower pasture .
chapter 16 bud breathed in the crisp late april air and surveyed the scene before him .
his voice was crisp .
as far as her eyes can see there were stretches of greenery , the air was fresh and crisp , she took a deep breath enjoying the smell of soil and trees .
we cant have that crisp , white and if you dont mind me saying , incredibly sexy , tennis dress going to waste .
he always had a fresh , crisp smell like an ocean breeze .
as she exited , she caught a breath of crisp night air on her way to the black mercedes .
along with the local newspaper , a crisp sheet of paper slipped under her door with the sunrise .
a crisp breeze blows , cooling my skin just before we pull the stone until a thick rim of light appears all around it .
the late-november air was crisp and a brisk breeze blew her hair back , but she felt impervious to the cold .
still , he moved forward and allowed the crisp air to invigorate him .
she inhaled the crisp morning air and the cobwebs of her mind fell away .
teagan deeply inhaled the crisp air .
his tattoos were hidden under his gray suit and crisp , white button-up .
dressed in black tailored slacks and black silk tie paired with a crisp white dress shirt , he was both elegant and devastatingly attractive .
the air became crisp in the shade .
the morning air was cool and crisp , luring her outside .
and lying innocuously on the bed beneath it all was a money envelope branded with the hotel 's logo , filled with a two-inch-thick stack of crisp hundred-dollar bills .
'six hours , i think , ' winnie was crisp .
the cruise director was crisp and to the point .
he wore a dark grey suit and a crisp white shirt .
chapter 11 friday brought the first truly crisp air of autumn .
it was cold , the air crisp and cloudless , a spring sky on a winter day .
she looked up at the clear blue sky and inhaled the clean , crisp air .
as if in response , she was interrupted by a crisp male voice .
`` i talked to frank on sunday afternoon , '' angela continued , dipping her fork into a crisp green salad .
the door of the hut was ajar , to admit the crisp , fresh air , but he did not push it open .
chapter 8 the night of the play was cool and crisp , the sky absolutely clear without a hint of clouds .
as the waitress traipses back to the kitchen , rose turns to ryke and fishes out a crisp white envelope .
they helped themselves to a warm tortellini salad and a crisp slaw of carrot and beetroot with a sesame seed dressing .
she nibbled on a crisp green bean .
the crisp air , the colorful leaves , football season . ''
it reminded me of autumn , crisp leaves , and cozy nights .
she took a sip and enjoyed the crisp bite of fruit and spark on her tongue .
`` we 're booked up for reservations months in advance , '' she informed them in crisp tones .
a crisp white sheet of paper was propped up against the plumpest pillow .
his dark black hair and crisp blue eyes were exactly as they had been years ago .
the air was crisp , clear , and as damien ran behind julia he could see-almost , perhaps it was n't seeing-the branches and the paths twisting in front of him .
he thought about the fight as he lay in bed , inhaling the crisp air streaming in through the open window to calm himself .
she shrugged and leaned back , letting the crisp fall wind blow leaves past her face .
he watched as the pictures moved to a crisp black-and-white and then to the bland color of polaroids , watched as children were born and then grew up , as hair fell out and was replaced by wrinkles .
he wore a crisp business suit and from the tight set of his mouth , alek guessed he would brook no foolishness .
he dressed in slacks and a crisp blue shirt , hoping lesley did n't expect him to wear a tie .
plaid flannel shirt , fake leather vest with a tin sheriff 's star pinned on the chest , crisp wrangler jeans , and cowboy boots .
together they walked outside , into the cold , crisp october night .
she loved the snow , his mikaela , loved the crisp , pure taste of a single snowflake and the tiny spray of icy water that was left on her face when she came inside .
the air in sunville had been crisp and cold , and with every indrawn breath came the pungent scent of ripening apples .
the scent of puget sound mingled with that of fried fish from the takeout booths in the crisp night air .
i was just thinking about her myself and how she loved cold , crisp mornings such as this . ''
bright stars dappled the crisp december night like beacons from home .
she was n't like the crisp , business professionals he knew and worked with on a daily basis .
the snow had long since stopped , but the afternoon remained crisp and cold .
now , four months following her death , this crisp , clear late-november morning seemed filled with renewed promise .
she smiled , adjusting the holly brooch she wore on her crisp white uniform .
the spines are crisp and shiny .
shimmering silk dupioni and crisp taffeta .
the night air is crisp and filled with exhaust .
she was afraid , the scent of her terror a crisp note that the drifting smoke did n't quite conceal .
she pivoted around , choking on the crisp night air and her own strangling confusion of emotions .
the mingled aromas of coffee beans and spices rode on the crisp breeze as claire led him over a sweeping arched bridge , then deeper into the historic district .
as she walked into his dream now , her breath caught to find him under the starlight of a clear evening , seated shirtless and barefoot in the crisp , cool grass of the parkland sanctuary she had designed for his vacant darkhaven property .
it still smelled the same , like old wood and furniture polish and crisp salt air .
it was a pleasant night outside , crisp but clear as they walked the short distance into newport 's historic downtown .
she belonged here , with the salty breezes and the crisp new england autumn flushing her cheeks a deep , ruddy red .
outside , the air was crisp and moist , and the lonely stretch of road that passed by his house looked as if a cloud had been dropped upon it .
it had been neat and crisp when she 'd started on it , but it had long since taken on the appearance of a crumpled rag .
soon blake 's sister melissa and her new fiance , shane mcdermott , came into the lodge , bringing a breath of crisp , fresh air .
she opened the crisp white envelope and pulled out the gold-trimmed card stamped with marco 's logo on the front .
he was in crisp , black dress pants and a white button-up shirt with the top button undone for a more casual look .
`` thank you all for coming , '' he said in crisp , clear english with the faint trace of a gorgeous italian accent .
`` sure , '' he said , coming back into the room with a crisp white button-up , undone to reveal his toned abs .
the city lights gleamed all around them , and she shuddered a little bit as the crisp evening air reminded her that winter was just around the corner .
tables were evenly spaced throughout the room with crisp white tablecloths , sterling silver utensils , and bouquets of red roses .
they pulled up to a small boutique called happily ever after with its crisp , clear design work and nondescript entrance .
she slid her palms up the front of his crisp black suit .
john was in a crisp black suit and black tie when he met her outside of the glass front entrance to the bridges medical wing .
the linens felt crisp .
navy blue or black would have been a more suitable color for the crisp linen outfit , but vestavia had dictated office attire guidelines when he 'd brought her into his personal detail nine months ago .
her white turtleneck and peach-colored scrubs were crisp and neat .
he could feel the short , crisp hairs of her body tickling his skin , while her br**sts were still puckered from their play .
`` not , '' came the crisp response .
he spoke in a crisp baritone , and victoria instantly recognized the name .
chapter three august , present day , two years later late on monday afternoon , connor walked out of the morgue in the small northland town where the bodies had been taken and gulped in a lungful of crisp , fresh air .
she could smell the crisp , lemony scent of his aftershave , which still lingered after the long day .
for the first time he noticed she was wearing black trousers and a crisp white shirt with pin tucks down the front .
her crisp black-and-white image of the older couple , standing outside on a city street , their bold , cheerful countenances sunlit and their happy union obvious , rather haunted him since he 'd seen it .
she glanced at his crisp , black satin bowtie .
he slid the crisp bills into the hand of the maitre d ' and murmured , `` keep the change . ''
a crisp female voice responded .
i ran my gaze over his dark suit , loving how the crisp white shirt brought out the burnished gold in his hair while the silver tie brought out the pewter flecks in his gorgeous eyes .
this boy had shining golden eyes , like a crystal glass filled brimful with crisp white wine and held up to catch the light of a blazing sun .
it was a crisp and nicely chilled sauvignon blanc i 'd picked up on the walk home .
the crisp hairs on his chest teased my tightened nipples and the feel of his rock-hard body against mine was enough to make me wet and needy .
i nuzzled my nose between his pecs , feeling the tickle of crisp chest hair against my cheek and breathing in the reassuring , familiar scent of his skin .
his crisp white shirt was unbuttoned at the collar , revealing a flash of skin .
i moved to stand in front of him , the crisp stationary now a mangled ball of paper in my clenched fist .
in the dim light , i could see that my bed was perfectly made ; the sheets would be crisp and new .
long legs carried him across the room in only a few strides , and he stopped just on the other side of my desk , slapping two crisp white envelopes down on a stack of marketing reports .
combined with the crisp white furniture and otherwise simple decorating in the sitting room , it immediately made me feel calmer .
he sat there , suit jacket hanging on the chair behind him , tie loosened , crisp white shirtsleeves rolled up to his elbows , and chin resting on his steepled fingers .
the sky was clear , no clouds or gray shadows , just light , and sun and crisp air .
just as we sat at a table in the back , near the dartboards and the broken karaoke machine , bennett strode in still wearing his crisp dark suit and a look of such utter exhaustion i wondered how long the three of us would manage to remain conscious .
red lips , hair up in a severe bun , glasses , dressed conservatively in a crisp , white blouse and a dark gray pencil skirt ; i 've seldom seen bella look so hot .
he managed to turn his attention back to folding the program before my br**sts were exposed ; he made a crisp seam as he slid his thumb along the edge .
the crisp white buildings were lit from every angle and practically glowed against the dark sky .
but beside me , i could sense when he shifted closer , could smell the clean , crisp sagey smell of him when he leaned in , sucked gently on my collarbone .
the crisp spring air stings my throat as i suck it into my lungs , trying to breathe , but at the same time enjoying the discomfort .
especially when i walk past her and she smells like apples , crisp and clean .
as i stumble out onto the curb , i inhale a mouthful of crisp night air , trying to cleanse my senses .
today it 's even more magical than usual because the seasons are changing ; the air has been doused with a crisp chill , leaving the sweltering heat of july and august in our distant memories .
he is fully clad in a charcoal grey suit , crisp white shirt and a soft pink tie .
he looks devastating in his black suit , crisp white shirt and black tie .
i say gratefully and she nods her head , wipes her hands on her crisp , white apron and heads for the fridge .
`` some families like to be together , '' claire said in that crisp you've-hurt-me voice .
the wait staff is dressed in formal black and white , tables boast crisp white cloths and frosted candlelight , and tiny white lights wrap around columns and dip overhead like stars .
they 've put him in a navy pinstripe suit , crisp white shirt and loose red tie .
the air is crisp and smel s like rain , too chil y out for his short sleeves and bare feet .
i packed a crisp white shirt and a dark grey jacket and slacks , plus an assortment of ties , intending to match whatever dress she chose today .
i stepped to the side , and there was jeff , dressed in pressed khakis and a crisp white button-down , sleeves rolled up to just beneath the elbow .
the day is crisp and clear , the sky a startling blue , the sun warm on my skin , and i glance around in utter amazement , overwhelmed with all the natural beauty that 's surrounding me .
he stands behind me , tall and broad , imposing in his immaculate black suit and crisp white shirt-the silvery tie he wears perfectly knotted at his throat .
emily thought that was strange until she noticed the cereal the two of them were polishing off was cookie crisp .
the bacon was thick and crisp , just the way she liked and the biscuits practically melted in her mouth .
the day began as a crisp , cool morning with clear skies .
haley nodded with wide , curious eyes , taking the long-stemmed glass and sampling the crisp white liquid , smelling tantalizingly of fruit and oak .
it might have been the `` fuck off '' expression on his face , or the crisp cut of his expensive tailored clothing that told people he did n't belong in this neighborhood .
i just- '' `` i was teasing you , '' he said , his voice that same crisp , abrupt sound that she 'd mistaken for rudeness .
logan 's response was crisp over the headphones .
`` bronte , '' the redhead said in a crisp voice , and hunter came to attention .
`` miss dawson is tired from our trip , '' logan said in a crisp voice .
the smell of paint was still strong , the walls crisp and fresh with color .
audrey 's tone was direct , crisp , and absolutely business-like in the face of this man 's disapproval .
he was dressed in a crisp suit jacket , and his hair was smoothed against his scalp .
the only thing she could see was a clean , crisp profile .
`` we did not , '' he said in a crisp voice .
on her tray was the rose of the day , singularly beautiful and crisp , the bud just beginning to unfurl .
