Was the artwork perceived to be made by a machine or a human – what is the role of the AI in the creative production process and how does that influence perception of the artwork
I don't believe that human beings are a kind of a different, better species, I think we are, to an extent, a product of artificial intelligence ourselves.
or they needed more information that probably for now, only really a human could provide that contact.
But the negative side of that, for me would be that there would be a less a human interaction to pick up on the social cues, or what someone might be facing if they needed to to have a chat for longer
ome of the team were a bit unsettled by it - it was very human in its form.
a lot of us artists and curators in the field always feel that this work has been done with AI as a human and machine collaboration
So with a lot of this art, frequently you have either human faces or bodies or animals, so something that a lot more people could relate to, as opposed to far more complex works that looks at philosophy or creativity, or something like that.
people weren't sure who did it actually and because it was artificial intelligence, I think some people thought it was done by the computer itself and not a human being. 
So I think it made them think a bit more about well, was it human, or was it a computerised. 
So a human could explain stuff to people in a space distributed around the city
it's not intelligence in the way that we would define it, as a sentient human, it is how AI can recognise patterns and reorganise them and present them and I think what's interesting in itself is we are a long way from that idea of a, what's the word, singularity or a sentient computer...
I mean, I want to use the word human, but that's the wrong word.
AI is useful in many different ways for many different fields but it's not going to be everything, and it's not going to replace human anytime soon.
the potential for artificial intelligence to create much more accurate diagnosis for things like eyes and so on, you know, I think already, the evidence is there to suggest that, that can be more reliable than human doctors, and so forth.
Now you have to think about the natural human dynamics is that when we hear that someone's an expert, we become quite passive.
And actually, it isn't the full robot that looks like the human you know, there are many subtle applications.
The first trench revealed evidence of medieval buildings – possibly parts of the friary – and a human burial represented by pair of leg bones.
Soon it was realised that the human remains found in the first trench lay under the church choir where King Richard was reportedly buried. 
An actual artificial intelligence-based chatbot is performing in the show and tries to pass as human as it sends lines to one of the improvisers via an earpiece.
The technology that enables remote control of a human player consists of a laptop, an FM radio transmitter/receiver with headphones, and our custom-made software that allows an operator to type sentences that will be sent to an artificial intelligence-based chatbot
Another interesting installation to look out for at this year’s Art-AI festival is PLEA, the impressive robotic head built on biomimicry that will truly combine all things human and technology.
The idea of the ‘uncanny valley’ and how people feel about artificial intelligences that look human but are just not quite right is explored in one of the activities in a new downloadable playbook produced for this year’s Art AI Festival.
Taking a closer look at how AI works in filmmaking and the differences between human perception and machines, Ben’s work shows the films from the perspective of the AI, creating a dream-like quality to the retelling of these cult sci-fi stories.
1996a Mechanical and physiological responses to lengthening with and without pre-isometric contraction in human skeletal muscle Archives of Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation 77:373-377
The Boys of Baraka reveals the human faces of a tragic statistic – 76 percent of Baltimore's African-American boys fail to graduate from high school; 50 percent of them go straight on to jail.
Upon his release from prison in February, 1936, prior to the end of his full sentence due to a democratic and human rights movement in Indochina and France that had formed for the release of political prisoners, Phan Đăng Lưu was admitted into the Communist Party's Committee of Middle Vietnam (Xứ ủy Trung Kỳ).
25 August – United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay arrives in Sri Lanka for a week-long fact finding mission which will include visiting the former war ravaged areas in the north and east.
Ronald P. Rohner is an international psychologist, and a Professor Emeritus of Human Development and Family Sciences and Anthropology at the University of Connecticut.
This work has provided knowledge of the fact that La Pintada was an important space for diverse human groups, as much for hunting-collector groups that inhabited it during the 12th and 13th centuries, as well as for native seris, yaquis and pimas that probably used it as a ritual center between the 17th and 18th centuries.
But what she did not know is that the landlady obtained her livers from human corpses rather than buy them to maintain her expensive lifestyle, eventually hanging the servant girl to use her liver when the number of corpses begin to run low.
Following Human Switchboard's breakup, Schramm played briefly with Jon Klages, formerly of The Individuals.
Human MAFF is induced by proinflammatory cytokines.
We shall not make a new one, nor shall we permit any human power to destroy the one.... We seek no war—we shall wage no war except in defense of the constitution and against its foes.
These scholars expanded the inventory of maqasid to include such aims of Sharia as reform and women's rights (Rashid Rida); justice and freedom (Mohammed al-Ghazali); and human dignity and rights (Yusuf al-Qaradawi).
The Hayes Center ordinance declares abortion to be "a murderous act of violence that purposefully and knowingly terminates a human life," and it outlaws abortion "at all times and at all stages of pregnancy."
A classic example of the depiction of human furniture as art is the set of three sculptures Hatstand, Table and Chair made in 1969 by British pop artist Allen Jones which show semi-naked white women in the roles of furniture.
He is a member of the American Ditchley Foundation, the Atlantic Council, the Council on Foreign Relations, the International League of Human Rights, the National Democratic Institute, and the Pacific Council on International Policy.
There is some occurrence of the endangered Chilean Wine Palm, Jubaea chilensis within the Santiago Province; this iconic tree of central Chile had a much larger range prehistorically, before the decimation of much of its habitat by the expanding human population.
These headphones use patented Contour Ear Gels, invented by Mark Blanchard of Klipsch Group, which are anatomically designed to accurately fit inside the human ear canal.
In the heart seems to refer to the lowest part of the earth, that is, within the earth, just as the heart is within the human body.
According to US Department of State's Human Rights Reports in 2015 legal and societal discrimination and harassment remained a problem for religious minorities, and religious converts.
Everywhere I sensed that their opinions have been tremendously stimulated by American thought and particularly by the work of the Human Betterment Foundation.
Paul Jureidini, R. D. McLaurin, and James Price, Military operations in selected Lebanese built-up areas, 1975-1978, Aberdeen, MD: U.S. Army Human Engineering Laboratory, Aberdeen Proving Ground, Technical Memorandum 11-79, June 1979.
Several regulatory sequences in the promoter region of the human insulin gene bind to transcription factors.
This Act aims to encourage the full participation of and mobilize the industry, labor, local government units, and technical-vocational institutions in the skills development of the country's human resource.
The local Council for the Defense of Human Rights and Freedoms was contacted by the police to collect the bodies, but when the council requested documentation about the deceased none was made public.
The geographer Christian A. Kull argues that human interventions in tapia forests, including fire-setting and removal of dead wood, actually favour the growth of tapia trees and the associated silkworms.
As with most kachinas, the Hopi Kokopelli was often represented by a human dancer.
Human rights abuses in the Gambia
News Diary: facts and freaks over 1,000 years, Cape Town: Human & Rousseau.
Mirror neurons have been proposed as a driving force for imitation, which lies at the root of much human learning, such as language acquisition.
Behaviorism viewed the human being as an animal subject to reinforcements, and suggested placing psychology as an experimental science, similar to chemistry or biology.
 Carr Center for Human Rights Policy
Despite two of the show's human leads, Emmy and Enrique, being six years old, the show's described target audience was children closer to the age of four.
Bellock serves on six committees: Aging, Human Services, International Trade and Commerce, Financial Institutions, Developmental Disabilities and Mental Illness, and Registration and Regulation.
He wore gauntlets that fired silver darts which could harm werewolves or drug-tipped darts that could induce unconsciousness in human beings.
The dogmatism with which Soviet social scientists adhered to this scheme contrasts sharply with the views expressed by Marx and Engels, who were prepared to consider multilinear models of social evolution, especially with regard to earlier and less well understood periods of human development.
One key Ich‑Du relationship Buber identified was that which can exist between a human being and God.
Human Piwi proteins all contain two RNA binding domains, PAZ and Piwi.
However, because flow cytometry-based sperm sorting often uses fluorescent dyes that often stain DNA, the safety of this technique in human reproductive medicine is a matter of scientific discussion.
E-P2, also known as E1b1, is a human Y-chromosome DNA haplogroup.
The modal register begins and ends in different places within the human voice.
Fragments of female human bones found in the tomb may be Tey's.
After failing to take control of a human body, the avenging angels ripped Patch's wings off on his way back to heaven.
The Gender Inequality Index (GII) is an index for measurement of gender disparity that was introduced in the 2010 Human Development Report 20th anniversary edition by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
Macrobius applies it to the woolen figurines (maniae) hung at crossroad shrines during Compitalia, thought to be substitutions for ancient human sacrifice once held at the same festival and suppressed by Rome's first consul, L. Junius Brutus.
T'sain is a beautiful artificial human woman created by Turjan.
Darusman is joined by a group of internationally-respected human rights advocates (among others, Marzuki Usman, H.S.
Critics often point to Section 1 of the report, which vaguely defines Social Studies as "understood to be those whose subject matter relates directly to the organization and development of human society, and to man as a member of social groups."
Other BBC Radio and TV programmes on which Smith has appeared include Night Waves, The Human Zoo, The Review Show and Today.
As the human ear experiences audio level in a logarithmic fashion, mixing console controls and displays are almost always labeled in decibels, a logarithmic measurement system.
First, the sadistic behaviour of Robert and the subservience of Caroline are manifestations of a raw and haunting human sexuality.
With the exception of T2R1 (which lies on chromosome 5) all human bitter taste receptor genes can be found clustered on chromosome 7 and chromosome 12.
The power of weapons is a terrible and absurd reality which mutates the space of human warmth."
The profound differences in human interactions and subsistence methods associated with the onset of early agricultural practices in the Neolithic have been called the Neolithic Revolution, a term coined in the 1920s by the Australian archaeologist Vere Gordon Childe.
The painful experiences of her internment, coupled with her father’s death made Kochiyama aware of governmental abuses the violations of human rights that have been experienced by minority groups in the United States.
Inspired by the human Jeanette's stories of glamour and sophistication in Paris, Mewsette runs away by taking a train to the big city, where she encounters the slick con-cat Meowrice.
3) Preservation of human resources: rather than being butchered, the people could serve as slave labor or as conscripts in the army.
Bold identifies genes associated with hypotonia (based on Human Phenotype Browser  search for 'hypotonia' and the OMIM database ).
WEA Sydney offers a number of courses in association with external organisations, including the Australian National Maritime Museum, the Royal Australian Historical Society, Sydney Observatory, Nicholson Museum, and the United Nations Human Rights Committee.
The station represented the only known permanent human settlement of the island.
Many of the migrants originated from Uganda and were attempting to seek asylum in the United States and escaping civil unrest and human rights abuses in Uganda.
 Matrix population models are used to model wildlife and human population dynamics.
His research interests focus on the political economy of law, human rights and jurisprudence and political economy of conflict and collective violence.
He is frequently harassed by Eric Cartman as "The Human Kike".
Through this organization, she has organized hundreds of interdisciplinary conferences over the decades, centered on topics such as new feminism and human trafficking in Argentina.
Peregrine's detailed life experience provides a scope for Smollett's satire on human cruelty, stupidity, and greed: from his upbringing, education at Oxford, journey to France, jailing at the Fleet, and unexpected succession to his father's fortune and his final repentance and marriage to his beloved Emilia.
The relevant Zoom meetings of the three human rights activists had been about the preparation of the anniversary and, in the case of Wang, the commemoration of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests, in which Zhou and Wang had taken part.
Alicaforsen (trade name Camligo) is an antisense oligonucleotide therapeutic that targets the messenger RNA for the production of human ICAM-1 receptor  and is being developed for the treatment of acute disease flares in moderate to severe Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD).
The First follows the planning of "the first human mission to Mars, while exploring the challenges of taking the first steps toward interplanetary colonization.
Choline is synthesized by the human body, but not sufficiently to maintain good health, and is now considered an essential dietary nutrient.
He worked in HSBC in Human Resources, Chennai.
She was inaccurately designated a mentally defective moron (an individual with an IQ between 51 and 70), effectively nullifying her human rights.
In Roald Dahl's novel The Witches the titular creatures, the Witches, are effectively evil demons which assume human form.
An incarnation can be spoken of only in the sense that the human nature began to be in the eternal hypostasis of the divine nature.
In 1999 there was a compensation afforestation scheme in Shanxi, Gansu, and Sichuan where 14 million hectares were planted to compensate for the cultivated forests and human settlements.
In which the whole circle of human learning is explained, and the difficulties attending the acquisition of every art, whether liberal or mechanical, are removed, in the most easy and familiar manner, vol.
His paintings from this time depicted portraits, rural and urban landscapes, and scenes of the everyday lives of working people, but also allegorical motifs that included suffering, for example, contorted human bodies.
To achieve a rare vantage point on human development without unethical experimentation, Hobson examines cases of autism, Down syndrome, congenital blindness and extreme social deprivation (for which statistically significant numbers of orphans rescued from Nicolae Ceauşescu's Romanian orphanages were available).
By adjusting the gamma value (heightening or lowering the contrast range of an image's mid-tones) subtle tonal gradations, such as in human skin or the blue of the sky, become much more realistic.
2006 Human Development Report  from the UN Development Program
In the sandy deposits of the cave about nine hundred remains of fossilised human bones were found - the fossil remains belonged to several dozen different individuals, of different sex, from 2 to 40 years of age.
A second elephant skeleton found in Gröbern the same year proved to be free of any markings of human use.
Several chapters focus on Abbey's interactions with the people of the Southwest or explorations of human history.
 1852 – Primo Sviluppo e Primi Progressi dell'Umana Cognizione (The Basic Development and Early Development of Human Knowledge).
Lorries (or "trucks" in American parlance) were then just beginning to supplant human porters as the main means of moving freight in Nyasaland.
The Hewitts worked at the Blair Meat Co., but after losing their jobs they switched to kidnapping people, murdering them (often by chainsaw or shotgun) and butchering their flesh, as family member Charlie claims that he got the idea from eating human flesh in the Korean War after he became a prisoner of war.
These rules are the result of years of research on collective induction tasks with groups and were originally published in the journal Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes.
Quetzalcóatl then assumes a human body to teach the Aztec people as their king and patriarch.
Many of Skinner's writings are devoted to the application of operant conditioning to human behavior.
She used slang and heartfelt language to write about love, lust, body image, family, religion, and the grace of human kindness.
Crysta is a fairy of curious nature who lives in FernGully, a picturesque rainforest free from human pollution.
Kim O’Bomsawin is a writer, film director, and a human rights activist specifically for Indigenous women in Canada and the U.S. O'Bomsawin is of Abenaki origin, which is a First Nation in Quebec, Canada.
The story in the script is punctuated by a series of vignettes centring on a society which is much like 20th century human society, but with baboons substituted for men.
Saul B. Cohen, American human geographer
In June 2008, Sullivan accepted appointments to (a) the Health Disparities Technical Expert Panel (HDTEP) of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) of HHS and (b) an Institute of Medicine Committee, "Improving the Organization of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to Advance the Health of Our Population."
The early Christian euhemerist interpretation of mythologized human beings received a long-lasting boost from the Etymologiae by Isidore of Seville:
In the latter case, the paraphier of 'spinning motion' has become the paraphrand 'psychological spin', suggesting an entirely new metaphor for emotional unpredictability, a possibly apt description for a human being hardly applicable to a tornado.
Mathis Wackernagel, Our Ecological Footprint: Reducing Human Impact on the Earth, 1995, New Society Publishers.
The body of the reigning sovereign thus holds two distinct personas in constant coexistence: that of a natural-born human being and that of the state as accorded to him or her through law; the Crown and the monarch are "conceptually divisible but legally indivisible ... [t]he office cannot exist without the office-holder".
The U.S. Health and Human Services agency has given grants to Nightlights's Snowflakes program and others to promote "embryo adoption."
Commentators gave the episode positive reviews, citing the episode's dark and more human tone following the events of the fourth-season finale.
His views put him at odds not only with behaviorism but also with a movement that began toward the end of his career: attempts to explain all human behavior by looking at the structure of the brain.
Additionally, some human disease networks use other features such as symptoms and proteins to associate diseases.
In 2029, Skynet has been defeated by human resistance, but manage to send one of its infiltrators back in time to assassinate Sarah Connor before she can give birth to John; the resistance decides to send a soldier back to defeat the Terminator and protect Sarah's life.
He has campaigned around the issue of overtourism – presenting a documentary on the issues, released in July 2018, the use of captive cetaceans in tourism, the ethics of voluntourism and many other issues associated with responsible tourism, including conservation, wildlife and human rights.
Two men tell Darius to drop the dog silhouette, but Darius remarks that they are angry for targeting dogs while they use human targets.
In November 2020 Semenya announced that she will file an appeal against the IAAF testosterone rule at the European Court of Human Rights.
Justice for Colombia reports that between August 2010 and June 2011, there were 104 murders with direct ramifications for human rights concerns in Colombia.
As a cause celebre, her case inspired numerous works of art and music, including the Beverly Grant folk song "Inez", performed with the group The Human Condition and Marge Piercy's poem "For Inez Garcia".
Tindal's 'deist Bible' redefined the foundation of deist epistemology as knowledge based on experience or human reason.
Margaret Prosser Allen, a University of Delaware academic, mentions that the erotic sculptures depict the aim of human life: the union with the universal being.
They believe the soul that lives in all human bodies is God.
Currently, the Antarctic Treaty and related agreements, collectively called the Antarctic Treaty System or ATS, regulate international relations with respect to Antarctica, Earth's only continent without a native human population.
The human mind assembles a few relationships to fit the context of a discussion.
Red Army soldiers also found 600 corpses, 370,000 men's suits, 837,000 articles of women's clothing, and seven tonnes (7.7 tons) of human hair.
Wade has been making videos for YouTube to stir controversy on numerous human rights and social issues since 2009.
EYES & EARS EUROPE, Artificial Human, 13th Street, Audio
During the assault, Senyaka displeased his lord Magneto after critically injuring a human nurse with his energy coils and was subsequently slain by Magneto who crushed the life out of Senyaka with his own coils.
Computer-assisted audit techniques should be used to scan the system (continuous monitoring is ideal), with human observations conducted to verify procedures, such as to verify that protocols like separation of duties are being followed.
The only other field where ʻAbdu'l-Baha did not extend full and equal participation to women was in military endeavors, since he regarded the taking of human life incompatible with women's role as mothers.
The air was filled with a rain of plough-shares, grave-stones, and marble balls, intermixed with the heads, limbs, and bodies, of what had been human beings.
Conducted by the agency's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP), the review encompassed available data from the companies that market these drugs, postmarketing safety data, randomized controlled studies, 2 studies of unlicensed oral calcitonin drugs, and experimental cancer studies, among other sources.
In short, a patent under the European Patent Convention (EPC) cannot be granted for an invention which necessarily involves the use and destruction of human embryos.
With few exceptions, the new regimes ranked at the bottom of human development and GDP per capita world tables.
The award announcement remarks "Dr Sen, as an accomplished medical practitioner has distinguished himself by his devotion to providing health services for the poor and by his strong advocacy against human rights violations and structural violence inflicted on the poor in Chhattisgarh, a state in central India."
She's a power-girl, feminist, though really keen on every human delights, which might turn her into a perfect stupid girl.
Archaeological evidence dates Polynesian human remains uncovered at Wairau Bar to the 13th century.
Human rights abuses in Pakistan
There are 6 players and at least one has to be a human player.
I know of no nation more serene, orderly, and industrious, nor in which higher hopes can be entertained for future constructive service in the advance of the human race.
"Blase’s commentaries and his guests on World Focus were truth-tellers with a passion for justice, human rights, and peace.
This fruit was created by , the last human who lived some years before the start of the series.
Without harmful emissions being released in the forests due to human activity, the vegetation is able to utilize carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, and act as a sink.
Signs of human use of the island range from early medieval Grimston ware pottery to post-World War II building foundations, and wooden structures in the marshes include posts set for mussel farming, and a wooden structure that was probably a fish trap 
A respect for the human being's sense of self-direction.
Supernatural interpretations of these images have often been the result of a lack of understanding of the simple natural phenomena behind them, such as heat emanating from a human body producing aura-like images under infrared photography.
Azad was elected vice-president of Anjuman Taraqqi-i-Urdu (Hind) (a national body for the promotion of Urdu under the Ministry of Human Resource Development), in 1989 and President in 1993, remaining in this office till his demise.
Terminators can speak naturally, copy the voices of others, read and write human handwriting, and even sweat, smell, bleed, and age.
Medical errors are often described as human errors in healthcare.
Soon thereafter, in May 2006, the Coalition to Investigate the Persecution of Falun Gong asked former Canadian parliamentarian David Kilgour and human rights lawyer David Matas to investigate the broader allegations of organ harvesting from Falun Gong practitioners in China.
He served as New York City human rights commissioner and later became president of the Latino Commission on AIDS.
Films that have premiered at the festival include Paranormal Activity, the series' final installment, Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension, 30 Days Of Night, Let The Right One In, The Grudge, and The Human Centipede.
In Oakland, Shaklee continued his study between the relationship of nutrition and human health.
On this other world, human beings are known to be basically "spiritual", and immortal in nature.
Archaeological traces of cave art on the sandstones and epigraphic inscriptions, considered by experts to be Lihyanite script, on top of the Athleb Mountain, near Hegra (Mada’in Salih), have been dated to the 3rd–2nd century BC, indicating the early human settlement of the area, which has an accessible source of freshwater and fertile soil.
The Australian white ibis' range of food includes both terrestrial and aquatic invertebrates and human scraps.
Human Rights Watch claims that some judges may face reprisals if they rule against government interests.
The Rev-9 is sent from the future to kill Daniella "Dani" Ramos, who will take John's place as the future leader of the human resistance against machines.
The trials drew sustained international attention, with governments, medical professional organizations, and human rights organizations issuing statements on behalf of the health workers.
Many of them become invasive, like rats and stinkbugs, but some species also have a slightly positive effect to human settlers like honeybees and earthworms.
The various specializations on offer include : - Finance, Marketing, Human Resource Management, Systems & I.T, Global Business Management and financial markets.
Godboldo has fundraised for a wide range of efforts including education and arts training, gender equality, early childhood development, the eradication of poverty, ending human trafficking, feeding the homeless, promoting good health and well-being, economic empowerment through entrepreneurship training, and the facilitation of live organ transplants to save lives.
It happened that one of Papanicolaou's human subjects was suffering from uterine cancer.
Seventeen years before the Dred Scott decision, the Iowa Supreme Court "refused to treat a human being as property to enforce a contract for slavery and held our laws must extend equal protection to persons of all races and conditions."
In these skits, Thomas would do some human things, such as eating breakfast, writing, and going away for the weekend.
This 8-article command is also known as "Manshure-Keramete-Ensan" ("Charter of Human Dignity"), and emphasizes all items in respecting the rights of people and observance of legal rules in dealing with Sharia-civil rights.
 Committee on Human Services, Chair
The entire movie is shaped through a common theme of “the opaqueness of human motivations,” ultimately creating a “flawed interpretation of evidence” in creating a love triangle (the quote from Rohmer himself).
The film has gained notoriety for the inclusion of several scenes of human death.
Similarly, there was a ~40% decrease in TET1 mRNA in the NAc of human cocaine addicts examined postmortem.
In the game, players encounter human and mutant enemies, who can be killed with a variety of firearms.
The completion of this ministry of Christ will mark the close of human probation before the Second Advent.
In 2021, she was awarded the Distinguished Teaching Award.Her students noted her "extraordinary vulnerability and her deep commitment to making all of her students feel like human beings," and the fact that “She opens every class asking about our lives, celebrating achievements, engagements, and cute pets.
His friends get worried about his deteriorating conditions and it seems nothing can save the man whom pushed the boundaries of human capability.
Two human polls comprised the 1978 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings.
  1941   – Tommy Thompson, American captain and politician, 19th United States Secretary of Health and Human Services
Reese rescues her from the Terminator's attacks in a nightclub and in a police station, warning her of the impending doom of the human race and of the future significance carried by her and her unborn son.
Human experience showed that X's shots would have the tendency, in the ordinary course of events, to result in death.
Like other corvids, the common raven can mimic sounds from their environment, including human speech.
By 2020, Natural Language Processing systems such as the enormous GPT-3 (then by far the largest artificial neural network) were matching human performance on pre-existing benchmarks, albeit without the system attaining commonsense understanding of the contents of the benchmarks.
In the Reflections, Burke argued that the French Revolution would end disastrously because its abstract foundations, purportedly rational, ignored the complexities of human nature and society.
COLUMBIA HUMAN RIGHTS LAW REVIEW 23:2 (1992): 249–314.
They also outline the human benefits of the project.
While at Michigan, his official academic interest was human relations; however, he had many other intellectual hobbies, such as reading Russian novels.
A fundamental aspect of Cohen's Evolutionary Enlightenment is the distinction between what he sees as two fundamental, yet opposing, aspects of the human psyche: the "ego" and the "authentic self", In his teaching, ego is defined as "the deeply ingrained, compulsive need to remain separate and superior at all times, in all places, under all circumstances."
Amid human rights scrutiny, China chose a Uyghur athlete to help deliver the Olympic flame.
If even it is unavailable, a human figurine of Darbha (grass), rice, barley etc.
As an illustrator you quickly catch on to the fact that nobody's going to look at it if there's no human interest.
In the Act an unwanted organism is one that "is capable or potentially capable of causing unwanted harm to any natural and physical resources or human health" and a restricted organism means "any organism for which a containment approval has been granted in accordance with the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996".
But, Kar points out, Unger's constructive, positive program rests on "similarly general conceptions of democracy and human nature."
In June 2020, the European Court of Human Rights ruled against Russia in a case involving the blocking of websites critical of the government (including that of Garry Kasparov), as the plaintiffs' freedom of speech had been violated.
 Girolamo Segato (1792–1836), Egyptologist and anatomist, best known for his unique work in the petrifaction of human cadavers.
Thus allowing it to behave like a normal human virus allowing it to spread quickly.
Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD)
In the near-monochrome painting Blue Swimmers (2015), Bradford submerges and crops ghostly, awkwardly human figures within washes of blue or green, complicating figure-ground relationships while alluding to themes of birth, life, and possibly, death.Hirsch, Faye.
Miguelón is the popular nickname for a human skull, classified as either late Homo heidelbergensis or as early Homo neanderthalensis.
After this point, the human body could be treated as an optional accessory and the program implementing the person could be transferred to any sufficiently powerful computer.
Emma relates a dire message from Mimzy: Many Mimzys were sent into the past, but none of the others had returned to their home time, and now Mimzy is beginning to disintegrate, and must convey uncorrupted human DNA to the future to correct the damage done to DNA by ecological catastrophes.
The human rights organisation Memorial reported about the forced expulsion of the Azerbaijani inhabitants of the village in 1991, along with several other Azerbaijani villages around the area.
"The Obsolescence of the Human," Cultures of Obsolescence (Palgrave, forthcoming, 2015)
‘The land is also noted for the human ecological model of VAC (model of planting vegetable gardens, rasing fish in ponds and animal husbandry all in one home) and silvofishery models.
After that, he was president of the European Conference on Human Rights and self-determination.
The oldest human remains in Britain have been discovered on the site, fossils of Homo heidelbergensis dating to 500,000 years ago.
In this explanation, the term zandik came to be applied to anyone who gave greater weight to human interpretation than to scripture (perceived to be divinely transmitted).
Beyond Freedom and Dignity may be summarized as an attempt to promote Skinner's philosophy of science, the technology of human behavior, his conception of determinism, and what Skinner calls "cultural engineering".
His written work is known for its dedication and commitment to fusing a socio-political reappraisal of Africa and respect for human dignity into most of his works.
These personified supernatural beings can take possession of a human person, switch off their consciousness, as it were, and thereby reveal things concerning the past, present and future as well as cause and/or heal illnesses of a supernatural nature."
Keating's friendship with Suharto was criticised by human rights activists supportive of East Timorese independence, and by Nobel Peace Prize winner José Ramos-Horta.
 Ministry of Law and Human Rights
he was awarded the Christopher Award, presented for works that "affirm the highest values of the human spirit."
The book was written  after the modern movement had seen its peak in urban areas and had started facing reactions against its lack of human scale and its focus on individual buildings.
Two books, Kidney for Sale By Owner by Mark Cherry (Georgetown University Press, 2005); and Stakes and Kidneys: Why markets in human body parts are morally imperative by James Stacey Taylor:
He was using an elaborate network of human traffickers and fake currency suppliers active in Bangladesh.
With the release of Human After All, Daft Punk wore simplified helmets and black leather jackets and trousers.
Overall this chapter is an overview of how the events of 1989 had a worldwide importance because of the negative and positive outcomes that it brought upon the whole human society.
Muslims in Global Politics: Identities, Interests, and Human Rights.
Hamilton was more than a philosopher; his knowledge and interests embraced all subjects related to that of the human mind.
In the demon world, Johnson helps guide Garcia through the twisted nature of the demon realm, defeating numerous enemies that try to feed on Garcia's flesh, and keeping him away from the darkness that destroys the human flesh.
According to Dacca Rotary Club News, "He was extremely kind hearted, soft-[spoken], gentle, and human.
Score: To automatically evaluate Moses translations against a human translation taken as a gold standard, using BLEU and NIST metrics algorithms, in order to have an idea of the level of performance.
The Upanishad describes the human body to be Sri Yantra (Sri chakra), by mapping each part of the body to the chakra.
Following Gaius Baltar's apprehension in the temple, a tribunal of five ship captains is formed to serve as judges in Baltar's trial for treason and crimes against the human race.
Deidre in Being Human (1994).
After escaping from Glory Bell Orphanage, Nicholas and his friends took refuge at Shelter B06-32 before deciding to travel to the human reserve in hopes of finding William Minerva.
Brnovich worked with Representative Shawnna Bolick to draft a bill allowing human and sex trafficking victims to take civil action against their perpetrators.
Pre-existing immunity can be partly avoided by using viruses that are not common human pathogens.
As rice is the world's most important human food—it is the staple food for more than half the planet—having rice that is more efficient at converting sunlight into grain could have significant global benefits towards improving food security.
At the exhibition of 1897, he presented "The Human Beast", a scene depicting prostitution.
Using worldwide data from Twitter and Google Trends they found that culture, and not only biology, drives human reproductive cycles.
From 1 January 2022, a customer will be punished if they purchase a sexual service from a sex worker of whom they know or have serious reason to suspect that there is coercion, exploitation or human trafficking.
Its aim is to acknowledge initiatives which have made outstanding contributions in various fields such as shelter provision, highlighting the plight of the homeless, leadership in post conflict reconstruction and developing and improving human settlements and the quality of urban life.
Adler explains that according to Aristotle human beings are distinguished from all other animals by having the ability to ask philosophical questions.
It was co-founded by prominent human rights activist Haytham Manna and was intended as the political wing of the Syrian Democratic Forces.
This human male, named Bat Tsagan, was the ancestor of all Mongols.
Based upon the principles of solidarity, unity, human dignity, peace and freedom, NPA is involved in more than 400 projects in 30 countries.
On November 19, 2015, Tangerine was named by Waterstone Human Capital as one of Canada's 10 Most Admired Corporate Cultures of 2015.
However, authorities of the state government were contacted privately, and they indicated that a very favorable attitude might be adopted if the patient were to contribute to human progress in this way."
The end of the Commandment is the preservation and security of human life.
During this period, Omanidze is in Moscow to try and negotiate help from Russian president Boris Yeltsin, but the latter refused to meet the Georgian official, citing human rights violations in South Ossetia.
It served as the backbone of the human rights movement in the Soviet Union.
They concluded that the tombs' structure mimicked the human form.
He states that he is the Manifestation of God for this age, and that his mission is to unite the human race.
On 12 June 2000, he succeeded  as President of the Human Rights League.
In this universe, Earth is not the origin of the human race, it is in fact a planet called Cappella VI, Earth having been the location of a crash of a colony ship some centuries before, from which the present population has descended, although it has regressed somewhat.
Depictions of human sexual activity with animals appear infrequently in prehistoric art.
"Chomsky: Big Pharma Cares More About Profiting From COVID Than Human Survival", May 10, 2021.
In commercial work he explored grotesque experiments in anthropomorphism, where toiling machines displayed distinctly human attributes.
At the same time it also ensures consumer protection and human health within the EU.
Human rights abuses in Chile
The novel is noted for its stark descriptions of men in combat and in its analysis of human and technical challenges and the moral dilemmas of command.
 ABRA (gene), a human gene located on chromosome 8
Though incorrect in his studies of human reproduction and reproductive anatomy, he came very close to identifying the ovaries as analogous to the male testes.
There is only one paralog identified for CCDC130, which is CCDC94, the only other known human member in the CWC16 family of proteins.
It is also to be noted that the human placenta expresses factors that are important in the pathogenesis of COVID-19.
Notable exhibits have included shows on the RMS Titanic ocean liner and Body Worlds, a traveling exhibition of preserved human bodies.
Communities Near Louisiana Vinyl Plants File Historic Complaint With Inter-American Commission on Human Rights.
Through this course and in his work with globalization more broadly, Volf is seeking to think through all these issues not from a generically human standpoint suspended above concrete traditions—which he believes does not exist—but from the perspective of the Christian faith.
The findings of the commission were presented, in the form of a 68-page report, to the UN Human Rights Committee, in Geneva, in July 2017, by chief commissioner Emily Logan.
New Zealand Commission on Human Rights approved of the work.
Furthermore, recent studies () have elucidated that the mechanism of action of 20-Hydroxyecdysone on human muscle cells is relatively selective activation of the beta form of the estrogen receptor (ERβ), which is known to result in muscle hypertrophy.
Presently, TBS’ focus rests upon access to water by rejuvenation of water resources, tackling issues like human and wildlife conflicts, and combating the mining mafias for the benefit of the local community located there.
From a Jungian perspective, myths are the "culturally elaborated representations of the contents of the deepest recess of the human psyche: the world of the archetypes" (Walker 4).
There have been repeated attempts to shut down the center by autism rights advocates, disability rights advocates, and human rights advocates.
Although human spaceflight has remained a long-term goal of the programme, with some basic technology development in this area, the thrust has been on implementation of the ExoMars mission and preparations for an international Mars sample return mission.
In the sixth point, it is pointed out that the economy must generate social equilibrium, considering the person as the supreme goal by satisfying the needs of human society that contributes to generating wealth and integrates into its distribution.
It has been proposed that a range of specific state restrictions on freedom of movement should be prohibited under a new or comprehensively amended Human Rights Act.
Branas is known for studying human geography, public health, emergency medical care, and multiple aspects of gun violence, which he first became interested when he saw its effects firsthand while working as a paramedic.
Three broad categories of fishing in Denmark are industrial fishery, fishery for human consumption (also known as pelagic fishing), and demersal fishery.
The museum's collections of around 20,000 items depict the human, social and natural history of the Borough of Bedford.
Washout filters take advantage of the limitations of human sensing to the appearance of a larger simulation environment than actually exists.
While referring how companies have obtained their capital it is important to consider both - physical capital and human capital.
A secret government group had been grafting a retro-virus based on Hyperion's DNA to military convicts who volunteered as human guinea pigs.
I Pass for Human is a 2004 independent horror film written and directed by Chris Desjardin (often referred to as simply "Chris D.").
Nall called it one of "the most important climate variables for human comfort and building energy efficiency."
In 1991 Feldman received the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award.
In the framework of promoting good governance and citizen participation at the local level ALDA works in various themes, such as European integration, decentralisation, civic initiatives and volunteering, human rights, and sustainable economic development.
 John A. Leslie, The End of the World: The Science and Ethics of Human Extinction, Routledge, 1998, .
Wavy Gravy's Hog Farm provided security and attended to practical needs, and the hippie ideals of love and human fellowship seemed to have gained real-world expression.
Upon his discharge, Scott also learned he had tested positive for the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the virus that causes acquired immunodefficiency syndrome (AIDS).
In The Phenomenology of Spirit, for example, Hegel presents a history of human consciousness as a journey through stages of explanations of the world.
He lived the rest of his life in Indonesia, where he became a prominent human rights activist and political dissident under various dictatorial regimes in his adopted country and consequently spent considerable time in detention.
Sister cities, known in Europe as town twins, are cities which partner with each other to promote human contact and cultural links, although this partnering is not limited to cities and often includes counties, regions, states and other sub-national entities.
These colleges also offer some applied bachelor programs (seventh level of the National Qualifications Framework) to qualify trainees as technical engineers to meet the needs of the local labor market by technical human resources or recruited them as trainers in the TVTC facilities.
Her work on increasing public acceptability of human papillomavirus vaccination paved the way for the national vaccination programme, and she was a key member of the team that established the value of flexible sigmoidoscopy for the prevention of colorectal cancer.
Frankwood E. Williams (18 May 1883 – 24 September 1936) was an American psychiatrist concerned with the science of human nature.
Since the late 1960s, RCSL has supported the formation of permanent working groups, which focus on various research areas such as comparative studies of legal professions, social and legal systems, comparative legal cultures, gender, law and politics, law and urban space, and family and human rights, in order to promote research in these areas.
Agent Orange and the Vietnamese: the persistence of elevated dioxin levels in human tissues.
For the most part, however, the philosophy of healthcare is best approached as an indelible component of human social structures.
As such, making it possible for advanced optimizers to automatically harness the transmitted  memes and orchestrate custom search behaviours on the fly without human intervention.
At the time, Knesset members and human rights groups expressed concern.
Whether calculated or not, the symbolism of a pair of shoes by the roadside to mark the passing of a human life was a bizarre yet piercing form of state terrorism.
Rappleyea pointed out that while the Butler Act prohibited the teaching of human evolution, the state required teachers to use the assigned textbook, Hunter's Civic Biology (1914), which included a chapter on evolution.
He has been a guest commentator on National Public Radio, NBC, and CBS for stories on terrorism and human rights.
The Association for Democracy Assistance and Human Rights (DEMAS) is a Czech organization founded in 2008 which is an amalgamation of 11 NGOs and 5 observer status organizations.
and off-line storage; human resource security; and audit trails and usage records.
The episode ends with Gargamel running away from the homely human woman the Smurfs created while Smurfette, with her loyalty now clearly established, is fully welcomed into the Smurf community.
For the first time, participants made a statement on birth registrations, in addition to other human rights issues.
Following his postdoctoral studies in international law, particularly in  human rights, he became professor in 1996.
pork, pig, pig oil, anything made from human hair, satellite dishes, cinematography, and equipment that produces the joy of music, pool tables, chess, masks, alcohol, tapes, computers, VCRs, television, anything that propagates sex and is full of music, wine, lobster, nail polish, firecrackers, statues, sewing catalogs, pictures, Christmas cards.
These systems incorporate common practices in audio engineering and in-depth research of human sound perception to automate elements of the audio and music production process.
I invited a crazy person on this show to see if the crazy person ... could say something responsive, something human, to the document that was released today ... and she wants to play with all of her other kids' toys."
It also removes the need for the rule-based system to  be a complete translation system for the language, significantly reducing the amount of human effort and labor necessary to build the system.
[435] Disagreement, conflicts, and tensions between nations must be resolved peacefully with justice, promoting the universal common good of the entire human family.
After the Human Genome Project researchers focused on evolutionary comparisons of the genome structures of different species.
Welner was under serious consideration by the Trump Administration as Assistant Secretary of Mental Health in the Department of Health and Human Services, a position created to direct mental health and substance abuse policy in the United States.
She has to let her wings go and go full humpback whale at just the right moment or the plan will fail, but the Hork-Bajir Controllers already spot her in the sky, although they cannot make her out as a human because she is partly in whale morph, and start firing at her.
This section of the Walbrook, around Blomfield Street, was the focus of the phenomena of the Walbrook Skulls, resulting from the immense quantities of Roman-era human heads that were deposited in the river.
WOTCLEF found out that the government must be involved in order to stop human trafficking.
Hamill was depressed by his isolation from human cast members, acting mostly against puppets, robots, and actors whose voices would be dubbed over or added to his scenes later.
It has been suggested that dependency relations are caused by a random mutation in the human genome.
In Screwtape's advice, selfish gain and power are seen as the only good, and neither demon can comprehend God's love for man or acknowledge human virtue.
Human rights ministers of Iraq
At the ceremony, Patio 29 was described as a symbol of the country's painful history and an educational place for human rights.
They can understand human language and speak with one another.
The Belgian railway companies were already aware of the impossibility of eliminating human errors and of the need of technological solutions to combat red signals being passed for almost a decade.
July 21 – Three women are arrested for human trafficking as 23 children between 3 months and 15 years old are rescued in San Cristóbal de las Casas, Chiapas.
It was also recognized as an extensive, well preserved and significant example of a canal which was used for military purposes linked to a significant stage in human history – that of the fight to control the north of the American continent.
 Department of Human Resource Management
On 26 August 2004, Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tommy Thompson released a draft Pandemic Influenza Response and Preparedness Plan, which outlined a coordinated national strategy to prepare for and respond to an influenza pandemic.
Within the Canadian Context, human rights protections for women consist of constitutional entitlements and federal and provincial statutory protections.
N'kisi is believed to be one of the most advanced users of human language in the animal world.
Lodewijk 'Louis' Bolk (December 10, 1866, Overschie – June 17, 1930, Amsterdam) was a Dutch anatomist who created the fetalization theory about the human body.
Numerous human and animal bones were found as well.
The series of Prepared Paintings represents a new artistic technique of structural painting and does not imply a complete abandonment of the human figure or the subject, but the figure was gradually stripped of all realistic detail.
It was originally an extract obtained from human placenta.
He earned the nickname "Berdugo" ("The Executioner") for his alleged involvement in numerous human rights violations, such as the Murder of Eden Marcellana and Eddie Gumanoy and the Disappearance of Sherlyn Cadapan and Karen Empeno.
One of the longest chronological records in human history, the Iranian calendar has been modified time and again during its history to suit administrative, climatic, and religious purposes.
Acting on his moral authority as commander and as a human being, Calò opposed his fellow partisans who asked for a summary trial and execution of the prisoners.
Aqua Teen Hunger Force is about the surreal adventures and antics of three anthropomorphic fast food items: Master Shake, Frylock, and Meatwad, who live together as roommates and frequently interact with their human next-door neighbor, Carl Brutananadilewski in a suburban neighborhood in South New Jersey.
 "Introduction: From University to Pluriversity: A Decolonial Approach to the Present Crisis of Western Universities" (with Capucine Boidin and James Cohen), Human Architecture: Journal of the Sociology of Self-Knowledge, Vol.
Some in their experiments upheld and furthered his philosophy, while others rejected it and proposed alternative theories of human physiology.
Advisory board members of Hindus for Human Rights include Rajmohan Gandhi, T.M.
The next mission, designated Korabl-Sputnik 2, was launched on August 19, 1960, carrying two more dogs, Belka and Strelka, as well as a variety of other biological specimens such as mice, insects, and strips of human skin.
Stuart Galbraith IV judges the film "one of the best of the series", and a "delight in every respect: it's funny, sad, and perceptive about human nature".
In any case, the concentration of T3 in the human blood plasma is about one-fortieth that of T4.
Human Quarry (13 min 20s) -- Re-cap Chapter
The human eye is attracted to movement, and marquee text is constantly moving.
 Partner with other departments, agencies, and nations to support human and environmental security; and
Directly across 21st Avenue from the Medical Center sits the campus of the Peabody College of Education and Human Development.
In the anime, he was the one who found the voodoo doll that is Mio Hio and sent her to the same school as Satoshi to make Daisuke wear a magical pendant in exchange of giving her a real human body.
Human Flourishing: Scientific Insight and Spiritual Wisdom in Uncertain Times.
The Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security authorises provinces to exempt certain social security contributions from SMSEs starting February for up to five months.
These texts also credit her with inventing agriculture, establishing laws, and devising or promoting other elements of human society.
However, most web pages are designed for human end-users and not for ease of automated use.
"Amit Majmudar puts the 1947 'Partitions' on a human scale: New in Paperback".
Although the earliest traces of human habitation in the area stretch back 5,000 years, Dongguan's emergence as a true city is a recent phenomenon.
Halya Coynash of the Kharkiv Human Rights Protection Group said that the Russian state media's coverage disregarded the evidence and a United Nations report and she believed that "fascist" accusations were "an attempt to justify Ukraine's dismemberment."
She founded the organization named ‘Ondede’, a human rights organization to advocate the rights of children, women and sexual minorities.
Artists from the Han (206 BC – 220 AD) to the Tang (618–906) dynasties mainly painted the human figure.
Following this philosophy, VIANEX has implemented various CSR activities throughout its history, that include the respect for human rights and the environment, the enhancement of healthcare and the support of the Greek society.
A prize foundation fund in the name of Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi was established in Geneva in 1989, and Nelson Mandela was selected the first recipient of the fund's Gaddafi International Human Rights Prize.
Over the last decade, the system was incorporated into a larger scheme for fostering human development and empowerment, described in the 2010 book of that name and revised and updated in 2016.
Luis Rodriguez, a human character on Sesame Street, played by Emilio Delgado
His laboratory was among the group that first showed the involvement of members of the RAS gene family in human cancer, and that point mutations can activate the oncogenic potential of cellular genes.
A number of cultural landscape features including the Norfolk Island Pine trees along Pine Avenue, plantings of palms, New Zealand Christmas trees and banksias, rock cuttings, retaining walls, early road alignments and sandstone kerbs, provide evidence of human intervention in this coastal landscape.
On 7 April 2011, the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution declaring 12 April as the International Day of Human Space Flight.
In September of that year, Tenet entered into a 5-year corporate integrity agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Heather also expressed to Mae and Stephen her desire to run away from home and live a nomadic lifestyle in the Forest of Dean, and to never again see any human beings.
Notable early examples of human performance models include Paul Fitts' model of aimed motor movement (1954), the choice reaction time models of Hick (1952) and Hyman (1953), and the Swets et al.
Human memory is often thought to be a very complex process mechanistically, but very little is actually known about how memories are created and stored.
Many of Batista's soldiers, appalled at the human rights abuses that they were ordered to carry out, defected to Castro's rebels, who also benefited from popular support in the areas they controlled.
Studies have shown that the implicit learning of skills that are important for human performance can be learned and actualized without any conscious memory of having learned them.
Furthermore, the UNMIT operation was required to provide assistance in the field of human rights, reform of the judiciary and donor co-operation, while the government was asked to strengthen peacebuilding initiatives.
In 2011 the most ancient Sardinian complete human skeleton (called Amsicora) was discovered at Pistoccu, in Marina di Arbus; scientists date it to 8500 years ago (the transition period between the Mesolithic and Neolithic).
They searched subversive evidence such as books by Pablo Neruda, articles on social sciences, political science, human rights, and those who were rounded up and burned at the Plaza de Armas (Santiago).
Gerard also represents Largo on the Metropolitan Planning Organization, Pinellas Mobility Initiative, Pinellas Planning Council, Health and Human Services Coordinating Council Administrative Forum, Florida League of Cities, and Pinellas Emergency Medical Services Advisory Board.
Coleman-Adebayo was terminated shortly after she revealed the environmental and human disaster taking place in the Brits, South Africa, vanadium mines.
He also organized numerous events of coexistence, and cultural enrichment for the youth and human genetics program.
His was reported by Mexico's National Human Rights Commission.
31 March – Franco Rodie, the permanent secretary of the Ministry of Education and Human Resources Development, ordered the closure of all schools in the country.
The Lawfare Project is an American, nonprofit, think tank and litigation fund that works to protect the human and civil rights of Jewish and pro-Israel communities worldwide.
In his diaries he describes himself as a "homosexual"; however, in light of the current understanding of human sexual orientation and his biography, he can be characterized as a bisexual.
He made many yakuza films but considered them "youth films" put in a yakuza setting, favouring human drama over verisimilitude.
A politician which tried to gain the favour of the populous votes by attempting to implement the AI Naming Law which grants AI some level of human rights.
Notably the BNSC had a policy against human spaceflight, and did not contribute to the International Space Station.
Human Behavior and Evolution Society
The fish's range has been significantly reduced, especially in Victoria, due to destruction of suitable habitat through human activity such as swamp reclamation and drainage.
Edward Herbert Thompson dredged the Cenote Sagrado from 1904 to 1910, and recovered artifacts of gold, jade, pottery, and incense, as well as human remains.
Scrub jays are also the only non-primate or non-dolphin shown to plan ahead for the future (known as metacognition), which was previously thought of as a uniquely human trait.
Eventually, Scully proposes that the killer can perceive wave lengths of light not visible with an ordinary human eye, allowing him to virtually see through walls.
Human activities with impact on the environment
 NJ Department of Human Services (records)
Muslims believe all human life, even one of poor quality, needs to be given appreciation and must be cared for and conserved.
Attaran has had a diverse career as a scientist, lawyer, scholar, and advocate for public health, human rights and environmental protection.
In addition, the country was told it must adopt political reforms allowing effective democracy and respect for human rights.
In an interview with The Escapist, Anthropy rejected the stereotypical dating sim plot, which she felt fit into a "lonely nerd harem fantasy" mold every game, and instead created Encyclopedia Fuckme as a dating sim which was based on real human sexuality and emotion.
The Dar Al Aman shelter does not advertise that it accepts trafficking victims, and many police officers were unfamiliar with procedures for referring victims of labor abuse and human trafficking.
To direct attention to and raise interest in development issues, financial support is provided to projects by civil-society organisations based in Austria and engaged in issues such as human rights, gender equality, environmental protection, world/fair trade and corporate social responsibility (CSR) as well as global learning.
Club praised "the everlasting gravity of [Scott-Heron]’s words and wisdom", writing that "his pained, bluesy musings are as universally human as they are perennially pertinent".
The 2017 Australian Human Rights Commission report on sexual assault and harassment surveyed 649 Deakin students, and reported somewhat higher figures than this, finding that 2.8% of those surveyed claimed to have been assaulted on campus, and 21% had been sexually harassed.
The convening of ethics committees to approve the research protocol in human experiments was first written into international guidelines in the first revision to the Declaration of Helsinki (Helsinki II, 1975).
However, only Mixed Antiglobulin Reaction (MAR) test and Immunobead Test (IBT) are currently being recommended by the WHO for the assessment of human sperm antibodies.
Discusses the relationship between human and plat systems.
Darwin intended to write human beings into Natural Selection through mid-1857.
 Human Powered Vehicle Challenge (HPVC)
In July 2020, caves of great cultural and archaeological significance in Juukan Gorge, known as the only inland site in Australia to show signs of continuous human occupation for over 46,000 years, including through the last ice age, was deliberately destroyed by mining company Rio Tinto in May 2020.
Led by Ralph (Billy West), the sentient, tune-savvy insects scare away the thugs in an act of enlightened self-interest that endears them to their human meal ticket.
In a 2010 interview, he called scientists who attribute global warming to manmade causes "crazy," saying the theory is "lunacy," and attributed climate change to causes other than human activity.
According to Akbar Ganji, "notions of democracy and human rights have taken root among the Iranian people" making it "much more difficult for the government to commit crimes."
Locale also indicates locations of former locales and incidents of human activity, such as a battlefield or historic site, and former locations of populated places such as a ghost town or ruins or an archaeological site.
Substantive rights involve a right to the substance of being human (life, liberty, happiness), rather than a right to a procedure to enforce that right, which is defined by procedural law.
The show follows the Giro d’Italia, stage by stage, with special attention to the human side of the race.
The video for "Nowhere," released on January 8, 2016, tells the story of a woman who has escaped from the perils of human trafficking.
 Homepage of the Institute for Human Rights at Åbo Akademi University.
Two human figures are depicted playing flutes, while other subjects include pyramid temples, courtly scenes, vulvas and supernatural beings.
Its main goals are to reduce time of development, increase code quality, and reduce human errors.
In Body Hammer, the son of a salaryman (Taguchi) is kidnapped by a group of thugs, who then force the man's nascent rage to make him mutate into a gigantic human weapon.
Allmusic: "The idea is excellent - giving a human face to those countries labeled by George W. Bush as "the axis of evil" in his 2002 speech.
Witnesses later testified that 17 truckloads of human ashes were removed from the burning site and scattered over the area.
In isolated human populations, the virus killed at even higher rates.
A ghoul is a monster or evil spirit in Arabic mythology, associated with graveyards and consuming human flesh, demonic being believed to inhabit burial grounds and other deserted places.
The creature called Carrion is created when a genetic replicator virus derived from the mutated DNA of Professor Miles Warren comes into contact with a human being.
Under John Sanborn Phillips, who served as editor until 1915, the monthly magazine departed somewhat from the muckraking style and focused on human interest stories, social issues and fiction.
Healey heads the Washington, D.C. based Human Rights Action Center, (HRAC), a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization.
William Boog Leishman (1865–1926), English authority on the pathology of human parasitic diseases (see leishmaniasis)
 Janine Tilli, Vice President, Human Resources
The SGC mandate diversified to include 200 human proteins including 5 integral membrane proteins and chemical probes (30).
The real crime here is that no full-scale human trials have been funded on vitamin C to follow up Jariwalla's important finding because it is non-patentable and hence not profitable.
The school has a student-run society called The Oxford Brookes Law Society that organises a variety of events such as the Annual Christmas Ball, visits to the Old Bailey and the Royal Courts of Justice, trips to the European Parliament and the European Court of Human Rights, along with talks from leading lawyers and others.
Divergence and convergence: In the human cerebellum, information from 200 million mossy fiber inputs is expanded to 40 billion granule cells, whose parallel fiber outputs then converge onto 15 million Purkinje cells.
These agents include selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) which prevent SUDEP in mice with some evidence of potential usefulness in human epileptic patients as well.
A 2003 project by Human Rights Watch has reported a  major problem with bonded child labour in the silk industry.
The black shapes allude to aspects of the human body as well as the "shapes and shadows" of nearby buildings.
The story tells of the desperate  efforts to preserve Homo sapiens in the wake of apocalyptic events on Earth after the unexplained disintegration of the Moon and the remaking of human society as a space-based civilization after a severe genetic bottleneck.
"Medical mycology and human mycoses".
At the Lutheran Bible School, students can study the Bible, human rights, agriculture, and health.
Renée Slotopolsky de Epelbaum, 77, Argentine human rights activist.
For example, Jack Goldstone notes that the human rights movement can be seen as a regular social movement in the West, but it is a revolutionary movement under oppressive régimes like that in China.
It is uncertain when human settlement first began on Aogashima, but the island was known to be inhabited in the early Edo period, and is mentioned in historical records kept by the Tokugawa shogunate in Hachijōjima.
Municipal Human Development Index: .644 (2000)
Since moving to the NIH, his research has focused across broad areas of human genetics, including pitch, taste, and stuttering.
Abderrahim Berrada (; 1938 – 20 February 2022) was a Moroccan lawyer and human rights activist.
The realm of human agency is bounded.
State-sanctioned ceremonies associated with the intercession of saints and prayer for souls in purgatory were abolished during the Elizabethan reform, though All Hallow's Day remained in the English liturgical calendar to "commemorate saints as godly human beings".
Mutants : On Genetic Variety and the Human Body In Chapter IV-"Cleppies" (On arms and legs), pages 111–112 and 114.
Human Dust Punk/HC compilation 7", 1999, Na Und Records
In the words of Thomas Aquinas, "Since human beings are said to be in the image of God in virtue of their having a nature that includes an intellect, such a nature is most in the image of God in virtue of being most able to imitate God".
Discovering the principle of the variable counterbalance applied to counterbalance human bodytorque.
Vehicle telemetry obtained after the crash showed that the human operator responded by moving the steering wheel less than a second before impact, and she engaged the brakes less than a second after impact.
Human Development Report 2011: Sustainability and Equality.
After two years, she applied to the University of Chicago's program in Committee on Human Development, and began studies at the University of Chicago in biology, psychology, and sociology-anthropology.
Senator Bob Casey, a Labor Human Rights Award.
Aside from books on drawing human anatomy, Adams' only formal education in illustration was learning newspaper strip-type drawing in his freshman year of high school from Mr. Vandenberg, a teacher who stressed the importance of clear storytelling and perspective.
Animal products for human consumption from animals raised on pasture have shown nutritional differences from those of animals raised on other feedstuffs.
Internationally, he was the chair of the Advisory Committee to the United Nations on Human Cloning and served on the special advisory committee to the International Olympic Committee on genetics and gene therapy.
The human descended Neyel species created for The Sundered were included in Martin and Mangels novel The Red King (2005).
This center creates a natural habitat, possessing up to 700 species of animals and plants for the pandas and provides them a natural environment without human disturbance.
VGCCs have been immunolocalized in the zona glomerulosa of normal and hyperplastic human adrenal, as well as in aldosterone-producing adenomas (APA), and in the latter T-type VGCCs correlated with plasma aldosterone levels of patients.
–   Rupert Colville, spokesman for the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, said in a press release that the attacks "may amount to a war crime for which individuals can be held criminally responsible."
He is married to human rights activist Sandya Eknaligoda who was given an International Women of Courage Award in 2017 for her campaigns.
The government's respect for human rights is exemplary; the government does not engage in repressive measures against its citizens, and respect for individuals' rights to due process and protection from government abuses is widely honored.
By and thru Marshals Constitutional Oath they are also tasked with ensuring people's Constitutional, Human, Natural, and Civil Rights are never violated.
Current evidence and climate models show that an increasing global temperature will intensify extreme weather events around the globe, thereby amplifying human loss, damages and economic costs, and ecosystem destruction.
The institute has a 5-story main building housing the administration office, the library, and the research departments; a 3-story building for the Center for Human Evolution Modeling Research, which has been established on April 1, 1999; a 5-story Ape Research Annex; and a guest house providing accommodations for about 30 visiting scientists.
), Applied Human Nutrition for Food Scientists and Home Economists, Ellis Horwood, Chichester, 1990.
Additionally, the Pan American Health Organization recommended that such practices be denounced and subject to sanctions and penalties under national legislation, as they constitute a violation of the ethical principles of health care and violate human rights that are protected by international and regional agreements.
Finally, several balls made from animal intestines contained human hair, fingernail clippings, and teeth.
Louse-feeders were human sources of blood for lice infected with typhus, which were then used to research possible vaccines against the disease.
Biography, although popular throughout antiquity, was introduced as a branch of history by the works of Plutarch ( – 127 CE) and Suetonius ( – after 130 CE) who described the deeds and characters of ancient personalities, stressing their human side.
Hensher is married to Zaved Mahmood, a human rights lawyer at the United Nations.
Squadron Leader Clare Kathleen Fry – For outstanding achievement in aircrew human factors performance management and air safety accident investigation for the Australian Defence Force.
Upon learning the horrors of the human experimentation on bats, Windsling is one of six who leave with Marina, Ariel, and Frieda and subsequently join Achilles Graywing's colony headed for Bridge City.
A forum for all women, it has been tremendously successful in gathering together women from diverse cultural backgrounds who share a dedication to the goals of Sufism, especially with respect to human rights.
Flávia Piovesan (born c.1968) is a Brazilian lawyer and human rights Commissioner.
In 1981, the European Court of Human Rights in Dudgeon v. United Kingdom struck down Northern Ireland's criminalisation of homosexual acts between consenting adults the Homosexual Offences (Northern Ireland) Order 1982 later partially decriminalised "homosexual acts" in Northern Ireland.
The Homeless Foundation believes that a safe and secure home is a fundamental human need and the personal foundation from which people can build an independent life and fulfil their true potential.
From 1993-2006 Bleich served as an adjunct lecturer in law at Berkeley Law, teaching constitutional law and upper-level seminar courses in international human rights, habeas corpus, and appellate advocacy.
The entire life cycle, from egg to adult, takes place in the human gastrointestinal tract of a single host, from about 2–4 weeks or about 4–8 weeks.
 Functional diversity (organizational), a term referring to a mixture of expertise or specialization in a human group or organization
He came of age in Key West, Florida, where he worked many odd jobs but found his voice as a writer amid the human debris of that island city.
In 2018 Penguin Press published the third in his "marine trilogy" The Omega Principle: Seafood and the Quest for a Longer Life and a Healthier Planet an in-depth look at omega-3 fatty acids and the unique role they play in human health and environmental balance.
Some of these killings included Hriday Nath Wanchoo, a Kashmiri Pandit human rights advocate.
 "The Muscles and Fasciæ of the Thigh" (by Henry Gray) at "Anatomy of the Human Body", 1918.
3-Hydroxykynurenine is a metabolite of tryptophan, which filters UV light in the human lens.
This is a technology needed for future human exploration.
For example, in the European Union, only .025 ppm of T-2 toxin is permissible in bakery products intended for human consumption.
A few years after the investigation of Sierra's murder, which was headed by the National Human Rights Unit of the Prosecutor's Office, Luis Frenando Soto Zapata was convicted and received a 19-year prison sentence.
Nickel compounds are classified as human carcinogens based on increased respiratory cancer risks observed in epidemiological studies of sulfidic ore refinery workers.
Depending on how those atoms were supposed to have been miniaturized, a miniature human may or may not weigh as much as they originally did, which is an observation that has been used for various effects over the years in fictions such as comic books.
In order to please his children at a fair's shooting gallery, Majer wishes to learn to shoot, which Rumburak grants; but the wolf Majer shoots unexpectedly begins to talk in the human tongue as it lies dying.
Sarah muses in the closing narration that the Terminator had "learn[ed] the value of human life".
It would be right to say that his films reflect human values.
Later, Siboru Deak Parujar married Siraja Odap Odap and bore children who became the ancestors of the human beings that inhabit Banua Tonga (middle world, i.e.
In the 1990s the Universal House of Justice, the current head of the religion, announced a decades-long effort to develop human resources and institutional capacity to sustain growth around the world.
In Rudyard Kipling's 1894 The Jungle Book, the lame tiger Shere Khan is the mortal enemy of the human protagonist Mowgli.
Far from being a license for special privilege, it entailed additional responsibilities not only toward God but to our fellow human beings.
Results, published in the August 14 issue of Nature [nature.com], suggested that comparison of a wide variety of species' genomes will not only illuminate genomic evolution but help identify functional elements in the human genome.
The focus of study is the "interface between linguistics, logic and computation, with special emphasis on human linguistic and cognitive ability".
In his original human body, Beethoven is portrayed by  of Kishidan.
There are observed effects on human mortality and morbidity if there is a series of days during the summer in which minimum temperatures exceed thirty degrees Celsius.
It is a moral and spiritual training whose underlying idea is to teach moderation and spiritual discipline so that human temptations do not surpass the moral disciplines implemented in Islam.
The former bodyguard of Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov and prominent critic of the Chechen government, Umar Israilov, who had filed a complaint with the European Court of Human Rights and was about to tell his story to The New York Times, was assassinated in a street of Vienna in January 2009.
In particular, the development of the state and of the human body are parallel to each other, and England may soon be entering into a decline.
He also advocated the James Rush classic, The Philosophy of the Human Voice.
Venezuela's current economy makes it difficult to enact structural changes that would combat human trafficking.
The player quickly discovers that the mist is somehow transforming people into fleshy, leech-like monsters with human limbs.
In 2015 Coyne applauded Pope Francis for discussing the importance of caring for the environment and addressing the need for Christians to tackle the issue of climate change caused by human activity.
The Manuals for human health were converted to a web format in 2015 and are hosted on MerckManuals.com in the US and Canada, and MSDManuals.com throughout the rest of the world.
"The Expert Touch" - a reluctant experimental subject is tricked by his doctor into a painful battle against his inner demons, as part of a scheme to find the key to human sanity; the ordeal leaves him perfectly sane, but also - and perhaps as a consequence - highly unhelpful.
He argues that Huntington undermined geography as a science by attributing all human activity to physical influences so that he might classify civilizations hierarchically – favoring those civilizations he considered best.
Its research department contributes to knowledge about child welfare and is currently participating in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services's longitudinal study about the effects of different environments on child development, especially when children have been exposed to violence, poverty, substance abuse, or neglect.
Jahjaga deemed the measures in contradiction to freedom of expression, Constitution of the Republic of Kosovo and the European Convention on Human Rights.
It does this by materializing physical simulacra, including human ones; Kelvin confronts memories of his dead lover and guilt about her suicide.
Like Astro, she is fully capable of experiencing human emotions - though being somewhat less 'mature'.
 Bob Hill (politician) (born 1940), Jersey politician and human rights campaigner
He set records for highest balloon ascent, highest parachute jump, longest drogue-fall (4 min), and fastest speed by a human through the atmosphere.
The subject of the human face formed the theme of her fellowships at the Smithsonian Institution and the National Portrait Gallery, London, and of the exhibition Future Face: Image, Identity, Innovation, funded by the Wellcome trust at the Science Museum and later in Taiwan and China.
This, in a certain way, relieves us of the terrible anguish stemming from Pascal's theory that human beings were insignificant beside the cosmos, and brings us back to the idea that all the cosmos and all the universe converge in one point, which, in the present case, is the Tuna-Fishing.
Invest in human capital through education and research
According to a survey by All India Survey on Higher Education (AISHE) released by the ministry of human resource development, Tamil Nadu which has the highest gross enrolment ratio (GER) in higher education in the country has registered an increase of 2.6% to take GER to 46.9 per cent in 2016–17.
Later in her laboratory, Jackson works on a potion for the benefit of human race.
To block Him, The Devil had sent out agents to gather His power, which is the beauty in human hearts, in the form of chess pieces.
In Ghana, though, the Judiciary has a much different role in preserving human rights.
Land clearance around the reservoirs has caused increasing silting, and human activities have caused pollution from sewage, trash, fertilizers and pesticides.
The experimentation of those models in robots allows researchers to confront them with reality, and as a consequence, developmental robotics also provides feedback and novel hypotheses on theories of human and animal development.
While Babbage's original design placed the crank directly on the main shaft, it was later realized that the force required to crank the machine would have been too great for a human to handle comfortably.
David Georgievich Sanakoyev, human rights commissioner.
The main entrance was approached by a staircase, the handrails designed in the shape of serpents mounted on the wall with bronze human hands.
In July 2018, a Magnitsky bill was introduced into the Moldovan parliament, mandating sanctions against individuals who "have committed or contributed to human rights violations and particularly serious acts of corruption that are harmful to international political and economic stability."
He is still partly active in public debates, especially considering the core issues he engaged in when being an elected MP; child abuse, human rights and LHBT- issues.
Different contributions of the human amygdala and ventromedial prefrontal cortex to decision-making.
It was based on principles that design should respond to the surrounding environment, respect human values, aspire to direct solutions to problems and integrate the parts in the simplest possible form.
Therefore, being human is being fully immersed in this world and fully in the transcendent.
The Semantics of Human Interaction.
The US Food and Drug Administration considers lavender as generally recognized as safe (GRAS) for human consumption.
Additionally, Azumi no Isora is suggested to be the primordial human ancestor as it was him that first performed the dance ritual known as “Sei-no-no” (also known as Seino and Kuwashi-O).
Swedish Doctors for Human Rights (SWEDHR) is a Sweden-based non-governmental organization (NGO) that previously researched and published opinion pieces on international affairs, and campaigned in support of doctors and anti-war activists persecuted or imprisoned on issues of civil liberties and freedom of expression.
Human Rights Watch | Butare Genocide
Most of the research in this area focuses on facial discrimination and phoneme distinction in human infants.
They communicate fluently in human language (although only telepathically), and have personalities and opinions distinct from those of their riders.
In 2004, 2006, and 2007 teams of archeologists and ecologists visited Sanak Island to study the effects of long-term human occupation on the island.
RA33, also known as heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein A2/B1, is an autoantigen in human systemic autoimmune diseases.
Among other things, it deals with themes like human rights, immigration, political and socioeconomic crises, gender identity and mental health.
Nazanin Afshin-Jam (, Nāzanin Afŝin Jam, born April 11, 1979) is an Iranian-Canadian human rights activist, author and public speaker.
The act has been criticized by Human Rights Watch as a "tool of state abuse, oppression and discrimination".
 A Human Comedy (November 1, 2014, Veritas Vinyl)
"The Psycho-Social, Chemical, Biological, And Electro-Magnetic Manipulation Of Human Consciousness" known as "The Psycho-Social" for short was released under Superregular Recordings and was JMT's first full-length LP.
Regarding comments by Prime Minister Prayut that the student protesters were destroying their future employment opportunities by engaging in political activism, human resource specialist Sophon Phukaoluan countered that only those with political ambition or conflicts of interest would be affected.
Californians for Population Stabilization (CAPS) is a non-profit California organization founded in 1986 which works to "preserve California's future through the stabilization of our state's human population".
Gallium arsenide (GaAs) is often used as the stimulated medium and this produces a wavelength of 904 nanometres, in the near infrared band outside the sensitivity of the human eye which is from about 400 to 700 nm (0.4 to 0.7 micrometres).
In 2006, she criticized NGO Monitor for accusations against Human Right Watch and its "executive director, whose father fled Nazi Germany".
Foralumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to CD3 epsilon.
The intersex flag was created in July 2013 by Morgan Carpenter of Intersex Human Rights Australia to create a flag "that is not derivative, but is yet firmly grounded in meaning".
The primary purposes of basic research (as opposed to applied research) are documentation, discovery, interpretation, and the research and development (R&D) of methods and systems for the advancement of human knowledge.
Thoughts, words, human actions and social ties are considered as fluids.
On 16 September 2021, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) recommended the refusal of the marketing authorization for tanezumab (Raylumis), a medicine intended for the treatment of pain associated with osteoarthritis.
She monitored violations of human rights in Bosnia Herzegovina, during both the Bosnian-Croat and the Bosnian-Serb civil wars.
The sociologists produced Rupert Vance's The Human Geography of the South (1932), and Odum's Southern Regions of the United States (1936), as well as numerous articles in the journal Social Forces.
Human action presents both intentional and unintentional threats to the species' survival.
The macula is an oval-shaped pigmented area in the center of the retina of the human eye and other animal eyes.
The government only provided incomplete and redacted documents to members of the Canadian House of Commons Special Committee on the Canadian Mission in Afghanistan, refusing to provide unredacted copies of Richard Colvin’s reports, detainee memos, and the annual human rights report of the Canadian Embassy in Afghanistan.
On 29 August 2010, trail bike riders discovered a human skeleton in the forest.
When he is injured by Ralph Roberts, he reverts first to a handsome, blonde man, and then to a creature Ralph is unable to see properly, suggesting that his true form is incomprehensible to human beings.
A main focus of these meditations "aim to incorporate mind, body and spirit for healing with the three main goals; disease prevention, healing, and human capacity development" ("Confucianism.").
These transgressive elements include the use of skulls and other human bone implements (as part of the Kapalika vow), fierce deities like Bhairava, Kubjika and Kali which were used as part of meditative visualizations, ritual possession by the deities (avesa), sexual rites and offering the deity (as well as consuming) certain impure substances like meat, alcohol and sexual fluids.
as well as human action (such as baptism, Olympic Games etc.
The term Ayah is used in the Quran in the above-mentioned threefold sense: it refers to the "verses" of the Quran (believed to be the divine speech in human language; presented by Muhammad as his chief miracle); as well as to miracles of it and the signs (particularly those of creation).
Although the games were made by Varie instead and are part of the separate F-1 Hero series, Human developed the first two for the Super Famicom.
However, Metro's TV critic Keith Watson commented that "beneath the freak show facade ... there was a rather inspiring story of human fortitude in the face of outlandish bad luck", while Grace Dent of The Independent similarly felt that there were "subtler ideas present", calling it "an unflinching look at the reality of today's American healthcare system."
The work published by Banting, Best, Collip and Macleod represented the preparation of purified insulin extract suitable for use on human patients.
He was given the award in recognition of his enlightened leadership and innovation to enhance human dignity, equity, and justice.
The severe penalties given to lesser offenses under Sharia penal laws have raised concern about their violation of rights that are protected by international human rights treaties.
Electrical stimulation of the insula in the human elicit gustatory sensations.
After receiving his Ph.D. from Cambridge, Boulton completed postdoctoral fellowships funded by the European Molecular Biology Organization and the Human Frontier Science Program at Harvard Medical School.
They researched the interaction between Tetra-(N-methyl-4-pyridyl)porphyrin (TMPyP4) and tetramolecular i-motif DNA isolated from a human telomeric sequence.
 That all human beings are equal;
On every World Habitat Day, the United Nations Human Settlements Programme will hold the award ceremony in a prior selected city.
Thus he proved himself to be a symbol of national integration, communal harmony, social justice and protector of human rights.
Dragons are telepathic and are capable of forming a lifelong bond with one particular human in a process called Impression.
 Sylvia Mathews Burwell (born 1965), United States Secretary of Health and Human Services, who due to that role, has been named as the defendant in several related lawsuits:
In 2020, Moghaddam and her graduate student, Negar Golestani, developed a novel wireless sensor network system to track and record human physical activity using magnetic induction instead of radio frequency.
Cultured pearls are formed in pearl farms, using human intervention as well as natural processes.
Human remains are regularly recovered from the beach and eroding sections near the church.
And Gurevich wonders whether or not the "parallel KU machine" "resembles somewhat the human brain" (Gurevich (1988) p. 5)
He concludes affirming hopefully that ‘the obstacles to this last dream are not beyond human reasoning, for the time being we are bound only by the lack of appropriate technology”.
Sykes, MA, Fellow of Wolfson: Professor of Human Genetics
Some of his works include Genetics: The Continunity of Life, Relics of Eden: The Powerful Evidence of Evolution in Human DNA, a very accessible book for non-specialist in genetics readers, Ending the Mendel-Fisher Controversy, and Shrubland Ecosystem Genetics and Biodiversity: Proceedings of a Conference.
The race came only one week after a report was published by Amnesty International about "unabated" human rights violations in Bahrain.
 Maxwell’s thermodynamic surface at the "Encyclopedia of Human Thermodynamics"
Annotation of the human and mouse genomes has led to the identification of >20 000 protein-coding  genes and  >3 000 noncoding RNA genes, which guide the development of the organism from fertilization through embryogenesis to adult life.
She supported the 2005 trial of former president Habré, stating that the case showed "that Africa can also play a role in the fight for human rights and can fight on its own soil."
This helps to reduce the human introduced errors as well as the cost and time involved in developing the system software.
Unlike the vast majority of contemporary video games that emphasised frenetic action, violence, and the collection of points, Lifespan was a slow-paced and surrealistic pastiche of five episodes that led the player through events representative of the human experience from childhood to death.
These items evoke the Great Pacific garbage patch, which highlight the degradation of the marine environment through these human objects.
Free play () is a literary concept from Jacques Derrida's 1966 essay, "Structure, Sign, and Play in the Discourse of the Human Sciences".
Truth, for Steiner, is paradoxically both an objective discovery and yet "a free creation of the human spirit, that never would exist at all if we did not generate it ourselves.
In order for an immunocontraceptive to be palatable for human use, it would need to meet or exceed the efficacy rates of currently popular forms of contraception.
Human ASH1L protein is 2969 amino acids long with a molecular weight of 333 kDa.
Wynter Gordon also collaborated with Mysto & Pizzi for her EP titled The Human Condition pt.1: Doleo.
Nature manifests itself spontaneously, without a higher intention, it is up to the human being to integrate, through "non-action" ("wuwei") and spontaneity ("ziran"), to its flow and rhythms, to achieve happiness and a long life.
After his 1960 'Psycho' and now 'The Birds,' it must be fairly obvious that he has extended his abhorrence to the whole human race.
In classical anatomy the human stomach is divided into four sections, beginning at the cardia.
Stem Cells and Human Health
It is believed that the Ancient Egyptian view of the heart formed the foundation for later theories on the location for the human soul.
  That wrings the human breast,
The case was heard in the Human Rights Building, Strasbourg, on 24 January 1994 and the Chamber delivered their judgement on 28 October 1994.
The crystal structure of human dUTPase reveals that each subunit of the dUTPase trimer folds into an eight-stranded jelly-roll beta barrel, with the C-terminal beta strands interchanged among the subunits.
Used for the song "Nobody Knows Me", the singer explained the video was about "intolerance that we human beings have for one another.
Historically, the greatest human impact on the brook was connected to the Schultze Gunpowder Factory which was established in the 1860s at Eyeworth Lodge near Fritham.
Did you know that the first Matrix was designed to be a perfect human world.
These must be sprouted, or prepared and cooked for human consumption.
Whereas other machinima films tend to use the context of a video game to reflect real life scenarios, Deviation turns this idea on its head and instead uses ideas of human introspection to tell a computer generated story and satirises “the absurd repetition of first-person-shooter games” through character MacIntyre’s existential crisis.
and which must be seen with 'the inward eye', or the 'heart', of a human being.
The British school of diffusionism was an archaeological and anthropological movement which believed ancient Egypt was the source of all human culture.
Throughout his life, Arakawa frequently infused his works with philosophical ideas that considered art's intrinsic functions, human perceptions of the physical world, and the language of signs, symbols, and visual meanings.
The human ship responsible for their deaths was sunk, and their bodies were brought back to the village by Snakeskin and Krill.
Lo was subsequently posted to Bhutan as part of his human rights work for the United Nations and remained there for well over a decade.
The majority of the speech spoke generally about human rights and civil society, focusing on principles rather than particular facts.
The first human beta-defensin, HBD1, was discovered in 1995, followed by the HBD2 in 1997.
According to Rand, voluntary trade alone can assure that human interaction is mutually beneficial.
These screenings were followed by panel discussions about human trafficking in the Philadelphia area.
In particular, the suitability of the human body for the pursuit of religious practice is praised in traditional sources, comparing favorably with the capacities of birth among the gods or the various chthonic realms.
He saw fear as an underlying cause of much human mental suffering and problematic behavior.
Karen Macrae: the "Colonist" (a downloaded standard human construct) that Dura and Hork meet in the Flying Pig
They compete in collegiate series such as Formula SAE, Shell Eco-Marathon, Human Powered Vehicle Challenge, Rose Rocketry, AIAA Design/Build/Fly, Chem-E-Car and various robotics competitions among many others.
He concluded that many cases could be explained by human trickery (conscious or unconscious) and hysteria.
Bishop Joseph Iyobo is a Nigerian author, journalist, and human rights activist.
Soundscapes from a computerized acoustic device with a camera may also offer synthetic vision to the blind, utilizing human echolocation, as is the goal of the seeing with sound project.
On July 25, it was decided that the former Interior Minister Habib Al Adly would be put on trial for charges of human rights violations and premeditated murder of protesters during the January 25 Revolution alongside Mubarak and his sons, Alaa and Gamal.
Another route is the chemical travelling through the soil and ending up in ground water and in human water supply.
Human Rights Watch criticized the broad language of the legislation and related government decrees, which have been used to prosecute and punish peaceful political activists and dissidents.
– Nihei's first work, detailing the adventures of Killy as he searches through a massive city for a human with special genes that could save the world.
As a condition of having the allied occupation lifted and being restored to full sovereignty, Austria had to commit itself to upholding human rights, including but not limited to modern forms of freedom of religion and freedom of the press.
The Church uses marijuana as a sacrament and promotes nudity as a demonstration of human honesty.
Several international human rights mechanisms mandate safe, accepting and supportive learning environments that are free from violence and discrimination for all students.
Fettes asks Gray to get another human specimen so Georgina might have hope of walking again.
On 17 April, despite the increase in radiation levels the United Nations atomic agency stated that the power plant does not pose a danger to human health, considering the reports issued by Ukraine.
Pickover is author of over forty books on such topics as computers and creativity, art, mathematics, black holes, human behavior and intelligence, time travel, alien life, Albert Einstein, religion, dimethyltryptamine elves, parallel universes, the nature of genius, and science fiction.
An avid painter (since working with Aaron Blabey on the Paul Cox film The Human Touch), McKenzie's paintings have appeared in several publications, including Venice Magazine and OK!.
A second sister series obliquely referencing Computer Animation is formed by the original Mind's Eye video and Cyberscape: A Computer Animation Vision (August 28, 1997, co-produced by Zoe Productions and Odyssey Productions), a surreal animation chronicling the evolution of human life and thought, by Beny Tchaicovsky.
In January 2007, while on a business trip to the People's Republic of China, Finance Minister Jim Flaherty, had vowed to improve relations between the two countries and also promised to discuss firmly the issue of human rights.
The first important human improvements were the Roman roads linking major settlements and providing quick passage for marching armies.
Emma Frost runs a scan on him at Dani Moonstar's request that confirmed him as a baseline human, and Pierce knew this before he recruited him.
It has been suggested that legal immunities to marital rape infringes the right to security of the person, which is protected by Article 3 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) as well as Article 9 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR).
Unfortunately, the considerable effect rills have on landscapes often negatively impacts human activity.
She works with Thai Lawyers for Human Rights (TLHR) and is one of the legal representatives of the fourteen student activists from the New Democracy Movement (NDM).
In by far the most of the episodes, Hermanni is the only human actor shown.
These efforts have been partly successful – Scientology has gained recognition as a tax-exempt religious group in a number of countries, most notably in Australia in 1983 and the United States in 1993, and in 2007 won an important case at the European Court of Human Rights, which censured Russia for failing to register Scientology as a religion.
Another report by Human Rights Watch said that the insurgents had been "running amok...taking, beating and torturing hostages, as well as wantonly threatening and beating people who are pro-Kiev".
The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR) condemned the deaths and new acts of violence that occurred in Nicaragua and urged the state to stop the repression of the protests.
HLA-DQ4, a Human leukocyte antigen HLA-DQ serotype that recognizes the DQB1*04 gene products
In his view, the manner in which West Papua was handed over to Indonesia was highly unfair, grossly unjust, and illegal based on International Human Rights laws and conventions.
In March 2011, Weinstein submitted a written testimony to the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights for a hearing entitled "Protecting the Civil Rights of American Muslims".
In the 44th Canadian Parliament, he introduced Bill S-204, seeking to block all imports from China's Xinjiang region, citing allegations from human rights organizations that members of the Uyghurs and other Turkic minorities are subject to forced labour as part of the Communist government's plan to control the population.
Science-Based Medicine writer Steven Novella says that Rhodes's book from 2018 Energy: A Human History reviews the history of our use of energy from around 1500 to the present.
Prell and Werner explain that the "gin sung" Keith has eaten is actually human flesh, and they invite him to join their cannibalistic society.
Opponents of the government and human rights activists claimed fraud and a turnout of at most 10 percent.
He maintained that human beings restricted in some areas when it comes to competition, while in the plant and animal kingdom it is uninhibited.
 Where necessary to conclude or fulfill a contract in which the individual is an interested party, or where necessary to conduct human resources management according to lawfully formulated labor rules and structures and lawfully concluded collective contracts;
Some later human rights activists came from a circle of reform communists around Pyotr Grigorenko, a Ukrainian army general who fell out of favor in the early 1960s.
In 1967 a student at Jefferson Medical College who wanted to study the effects of radiation on the human body was referred to Hempelmann, who suggested a study of women who had received X-ray treatment for acute postpartum mastitis between ten and twenty-five years before.
Searchers found human remains and many small fragments of the aircraft and its cargo; the largest recovered piece of the aircraft was  in length.
 PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human Sex-determining region Y protein
The DIAAS accounts for amino acid digestibility at the end of the small intestine, providing a more accurate measure of the amounts of amino acids absorbed by the body and the protein’s contribution to human amino acid and nitrogen requirements.
In this study, researchers were able to suggest a speculative framework for the evolutionary history underlying current-day phenotypic variation in human skin pigmentation based on the similarities and differences they found in the genotype.
(1) Cold weapon – an object that has the features of a weapon and that is intended to cause damage utilising human muscle strength or special mechanisms.
The term also refers to the interaction between society's complex infrastructures and human behaviour.
"Task shifting" of primary care functions from professional health workers to community health officer is considered to be a means to make more efficient use of the human resources currently available and improving the health of millions at reasonable cost.
During the 19th century the idea that men were everywhere and always the same that had characterized both classical antiquity and the Enlightenment was exchanged for a more organic and dynamic evolutionary concept of human history.
A central theme of her teaching is "the supreme calling of every human being is to aspire to self realization.
In February 2013, Human Rights Watch examined medical reports which confirmed evidence of sexual violence against Tamils by security forces.
 Which conditions would have to be met for a robot to respond competently to a human emotion?
The Group also provides human resources consulting in Sri Lanka and overseas under brand "Genuity".
In the 2000s, research in computer science, engineering, psychology and neuroscience has been aimed at developing devices that recognize human affect display and model emotions.
Donaldson, in her essay "The Last Temptation of Mulder", writes that in Kazantzakis' novel Jesus "represents what is the utmost human challenge, that of releasing the divinity within from its earthly confines."
Other threatening factors include destruction of roosting areas by mining, disturbance by human intrusion, and introduced land management practices that results in dilapidation of the local ecology.
There is one Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India.
The mouse model of MODY diabetes suggested that the reduced clearance of sulfonylureas stands behind their therapeutic success in human MODY patients, but Urbanova et al.
EPA published its ""CCR Part B" rule on November 12, 2020, which allows certain facilities to use an alternative liner, based on a demonstration that human health and the environment will not be affected.
Human Dignity and Humiliation Studies
He would always be distracted by the human element while doing a job.
Geographically, Ranu Tompe is isolated and far from human access.
But the total absence of God in Hell combined with nerve-racking chaos and disorder makes Hell the most torturous experience known to a human soul.
Other prominent critics include Isaiah Berlin who argued that Rousseau's association of freedom with obedience to the General Will allowed totalitarian leaders to defend oppression in the name of freedom, and made Rousseau "one of the most sinister and formidable enemies of liberty in the whole history of human thought."
The skull is made from a block of clear quartz about the size of a small human cranium, measuring some  high,  long and  wide.
The Truth and Reconciliation Commission has presently charged that PAC-sanctioned action directed towards white South Africans were "gross violations of human rights for which the PAC and APLA leadership are held to be morally and politically responsible and accountable".
4) Women who work in the household must be recognized before the law to realize their full human potential;
In the Netherlands 1 230 people benefited from a Leonardo mobility grant in the year 1999-2000 (total figure, including short study tours undertaken by teachers, instructors and human resource specialists).
Moral condemnation of nuclear deterrence, in contrast, emphasizes the seemingly inevitable violations of human and democratic rights which arise.
Philosophy and Human Nature (1971)
Other criticisms of the Stafford Act focus on human rights issues that are present during emergencies and recovery efforts.
"Document of the Committee of Cham Albanians in exile, on Greek persecution of the Chams, submitted to the Human Rights Commission of the United Nations in 1946".
A human body is seen raising its clenched fist in a gesture of pain and force.
Powers include manipulating wind, a human disguise, and spawning cyclones called the Cyclonic Wind.
The earliest indications of human activity around Markinch are Balfarg henge and Balbirnie Stone Circle, in an area now incorporated into the new town of Glenrothes, but formerly part of Markinch Parish.
United States Department of Health and Human Services.
Harpur is an ambassador for the Australian Human Rights IncludeAbility Network, and chairs the University of Queensland Disability Inclusion Group.
Meanwhile, the human Ben Grimm is about to visit Alicia to show her that he is back to normal and propose to her.
Two months later, Parsi's work was recognized with the Pride Toronto Award for Excellence in Human Rights.
"Management Wisdom of the West," Human Systems Management, 9(1990) 2, 119-125.
She approached the Permanent Assembly for Human Rights and began to tie things together, relate relatives of the disappeared with former detainees, to reconstruct the courses in what she called yesterday "that sinister puzzle".
EuroMed Rights' role is primarily as an intermediary between governmental institutions and grassroots human rights organisations.
His core theme when composing the screenplay with Dick Beebe was that the evil attributed to the Blair Witch may "be human in origin as opposed to supernatural."
The 2003 Nuremberg International Human Rights Award
The human enzyme is particularly active on linoleic acid, preferring it over arachidonic acid.
Gas leaks should also not be confused with "gas seepage" from the earth or oceans - either natural or due to human activity.
This dangerous research was done using human volunteers, including some of the medical personnel, who allowed themselves to be bitten by mosquitos infected with yellow fever.
He was also a skeptic as to whether governments are able to help with global warming and whether human beings have made significant contributions to climate change.
The most common use of importing was to import 'People Data' which usually came from a Human Resources (HR) system.
However, White's anti-segregationist and international human rights political stance presented in many of his recordings and in his speeches at rallies were subsequently used by McCarthyites as a pretext for labeling him a communist to slander and harass him.
In 1979, Umoja was in a committee of the National Black Human Rights Coalition, which produced a document “detailing the Black liberation movement’s demand for self-determination, reparations and a call to release political prisoners.” It was presented to the Secretary General of the United Nations at that time, who was Salim Salim of Tanzania.
In 1999, Dangers worked with guitarist and producer Danny Saber of Black Grape to form a project named Spontaneous Human Combustion.
Later work led by Edgar Kingsley Tratman explored the human occupation of Rhinoceros Hole, and showed that the fourth chamber of the great cave was a Romano-British cemetery.
YPFP currently has 22 discussion groups, with topics including Africa, Arabic Language, Chinese Language, Combating Terrorism, Cybersecurity Policy & Technology, Defense, East Asia, Energy & Environment, Europe & Eurasia, French Language, Gender in Foreign Policy, Grand Strategy, Human Rights, Intelligence and Information Warfare, International Development, International Trade & Finance, Latin America, Middle East, Nuclear Weapons, Russian Language, South Asia, and Spanish Language.
The latex period also saw the introduction of a recurrent, literal "gaze" theme in Davidson's sculpture, by way of spherical forms that overtly reference the human eye.
He is the founder of Deratany & Kosner in Chicago and focuses his practice on human rights issues.
Jack has reached step five - "admitted to God, to ourselves, and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs" - and at the behest of his sponsor has approached Jamieson, a stranger, to ask him to listen to his admissions.
He is best known for his gallery Deitch Projects (1996–2010) and curating groundbreaking exhibitions such as Lives (1975) and Post Human (1992).
In 1996, Human Chain performed on Bates’s fifth album, the classical/Third Stream-inspired and predominantly orchestral Good Evening...
One may not be surprised to find shards of animal or even human bones or copper/bronze ceremonial vessels in the river.
The most common themes in Saraakallio paintings are deer, human, and boat figures.
His Zeus does not arrive at decisions which he then enacts in the mortal world; rather, human events are themselves an enactment of divine will."
While it is generally agreed that both human and natural factors contributed to the subfossil lemur extinction, studies of sediment cores have helped to clarify the general timeline and initial sequence of events.
Since the Syrian government—a regime known for prohibiting political opposition and human rights activism  —enacted emergency laws when the Baath Party took power in 1963, they were not obligated to issue an official response to the inquiries into Tal's whereabouts.
Lord Shiva advised the Chola that he should build a temple once Akhandeshwara attained Samadhi which would help Varuna Nangai to get a human face.
For example, human miR-29a and miR-29b-1 are processed from an intron of a long non-coding transcript (LOC646329) from chromosome 7. miR-29b-2 (identical in sequence to miR-29b-1) and miR-29c are co-transcribed from chromosome 1.
established with hoarding and minimalism as extremes at each end, most human engagement with digital and physical objects falls in between those two extremes.
Markulin left the group to join his cousin Joe in another successful Youngstown band, The Human Beinz.
The works examine, among other ideas, the evolution of human thought and intelligence and how the hunter/gather model of ancient societies might apply to modern life.
Some of the subjects under the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act of 1990 are prohibitions in connection with gametes, embryos, and germ cells.
Several individuals and human rights groups came forward to oppose the execution.
According to Israeli human rights group, B'Tselem, the Israeli security forces killed 273 Palestinians in the Gaza strip between the end of Operation Cast Lead and 30 October 2012, 113 of whom were civilians not taking part in hostilities.
Services were provided based on the relative ease to the provider, not based on the human needs of the individual.
 Biography at U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
Michael Lipsky states street level bureaucrats have discretion because human judgment is in the nature of service work that machines could not replace.
Research Fellows at KEPE concentrate on four areas of empirical research: (a) macroeconomic analysis and projections, (b) fiscal and monetary policy, (c) human resources and social policies, and (d) sectoral analysis and policy.
Media outlets from different countries highlighted the relevance of her work and contribution to the human rights struggle in the country and the region.
According to The Dictionary of National Biography "his indifference to human suffering … disgusted even those who thought the occasion called for firmness on the part of government".
In his statements regarding the Gay Pride Parade, the panel found McVety's implications that homosexuals prey on children "mis-characterizations" which were "excessive, inappropriate, disparaging, and abusive" and in breach of the Human Rights Clauses of its Code of Ethics and its Equitable Portrayal Code as well as other sections of the Equitable Portrayal Code.
There have been indications that some pharmaceutical compounds (medical drug traces from human use) may not always be sufficiently removed by bank filtration, and that in areas with substantial contamination of this type, additional treatment may be needed.
The arrest of Augusto Pinochet in London seemed to him a precedent that human rights violations could be pursued against a head of state, thanks to the principle of universal jurisdiction.
He read a paper to the Academy on 6 March 1805 entitled "Experimental Inquiry into the Nature of Gravelly and Calculus Concretions, in the Human Subject; and the effects of Alkaline and Acid Substances on Them, in and out of the Body."
This space station will be designed primarily for non-continuous human habitation.
On 30 June, the Minister of Health announced that a human trial for COVID-19 vaccine would soon begin after tests on animals were shown to be successful.
Scientists construct a 3D printer which can create material very similar to human tissue.
The best-studied "Proteobacteria" with respect to natural genetic transformation are the medically important human pathogens Neisseria gonorrhoeae (class beta), Haemophilus influenzae (class gamma) and Helicobacter pylori (class epsilon).
In 2008, two human transcriptomes, composed of millions of transcript-derived sequences covering 16,000 genes, were published, and by 2015 transcriptomes had been published for hundreds of individuals.
Hans Schauder was a pioneer of the therapy that comes about through a pure meeting of human beings, a completely upright, authentic meeting both in his private life and in his profession.
Although M. abscessus complex most commonly causes chronic lung infection and skin and soft tissue infection (SSTI), the complex can also cause infection in almost all human organs, mostly in patients with suppressed immune systems.
The model predicts the error rate, the human performance in temporal pointing, as a function of temporal index of difficulty (IDt):
Clive Cookson, in the Financial Times, writes that one of the first and most surprising impacts of genomics is in human prehistory, and Reich is the first leading practitioner to write a popular book about this.
In October 2014, Human Rights Watch estimated that there were 146,000 female migrant domestic workers in the UAE whose work visa was sponsored by employers in the UAE.
Structuration:  Human agency and social structure are intertwined.
Human Punk (included on the "Adrenaline Junkie Class-A Mentalist" E.P.)
It occur in natural environments in Britain only where human disturbance is involved.
The Kollsman Instrument Corporation, which built both types, described the new style as a "precision drum altimeter" and said that it had been "developed as a result of a human engineering study made by the Aero Medical Laboratory, by an unnamed Government body, and at the instigation of the Air Force, primarily to meet the needs of faster flying."
Although it has been almost 20 years since the manga's serialization, producer Yūsuke Terada thought that the "flat perspective on human relationships and love" of Shimura's work would be unique to today's age and planned the anime adaptation.
The Human Rights Watch reported that the majority of incidents of violence occurred in 1998, the same year that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) took control of the state.
We are able to visualize possible structures predicted with high confidence in both the human gene, as well as the placozoan gene.
Human polycystic echinococcosis is the rarest type of echinococcosis and is characterized by infiltrative, multi-compartment cysts.
The term waterwolf is an example of zoomorphism, in which a non-living thing is given traits or characteristics of an animal (whereas a non-living thing given human traits or characteristics is personification).
A review by Czech and colleagues finds that urbanization endangers more species and is more geographically ubiquitous in the mainland United States than any other human activity.
Human settlements along the river
The dummies went into a 200 rpm flat spin, which would be fatal to a human.
Despite this protection, their numbers continued to dwindle as human settlement altered and destroyed their habitat.
Gyula felt the beauty of human life, especially in the working lives of women.
 Chair, Human Services & Housing Committee (2005-2006)
Miller moved back to Harvard as a tenured associate professor in 1955 and became a full professor in 1958, expanding his research into how language affects human cognition.
Pai Chair for Indian Literature at Manipal University, she said: "I am a woman and before that I am a human being.
It has since been screened at a number of domestic and international film festivals, including the Rotterdam Film Festival, New Directors/New Films at MoMA and Lincoln Center in NYC, Hot Docs, Full Frame Documentary Film Festival, AFI Docs, Sheffield Doc/Fest, the Pusan International Film Festival, London International Documentary Festival, and Human Rights Film Festival in Sarajevo.
The German invasion and occupation resulted in heavy human casualties, with some 380,000 people deported for slave labour, and the mass murder of hundreds of thousands of more civilians.
In most parts of the world, sugar is an important part of the human diet, making food more palatable and providing food energy.
During her tenure there, she was Dean of the School of Human Ecology for 13 years, dean of the School of Continuing Education, and interim dean of the College of Pharmacy, Nursing and Allied Health Sciences, and established a doctoral program in nutrition at Howard.
The vehicle or robot can work for extended periods of time without human interaction.
 The Ministry for Human & Minority Rights Serbia
Unbeknownst to Ruru herself, she is the artificial human Symphonia, and is unable to access her full power and knowledge because she is in safety mode.
Laws, human rights and elections
Also in 2006, Anne Richardson launched Restoring Nations International, a ministry whose mission is "to restore honor and human dignity by facilitating reconciliation and bringing healing to Native American and other indigenous nations around the world through ministering God's love, purpose and destiny for those nations."
In addition, Randonautica has also received allegations that the app is used for human trafficking, which its creators have denied, saying that data collected by the app are anonymous.
Pakistan then stated that India had used their speech to distract the international community from their human rights violations of Kashmiris in Indian-administered Kashmir.
In 1993 Luik wrote Pandora's box: the dangers of politically corrupted science for democratic public policy, in response to the United States Environmental Protection Agency report which classified environmental tobacco smoke as a human carcinogen.
A potential threat is human disturbance.
The human bone fragments it contained, from about 21 different individuals, are thought to be between roughly 10,200 and 10,400 years old.
We can acquire this understanding only by learning to really insert our 'I' into the human community.
This is necessary so that after their fusion at fertilization the characteristic number of chromosomes in a single individual member of the human species (46) can be maintained, otherwise we would end up with a monster of some sort."
She was an active defender of human rights during the Chilean military dictatorship, especially after the death of her son, the sociologist  in the Caso Degollados (Degollados Case).
According to the Central Election Commission, passports had been copied in the context of a human resource program of the health ministry initiated in 2008 involving all medical personnel in Abkhazia, and the matter was thus unrelated to the election campaign.
Such eye movements constrain human cognitive performance.
The mayor urges the inspector to climb into it, whereupon he is locked inside as a human sacrifice and the wicker man is set on fire.
They contain the secret of the supreme forces or the human talent.
SNED1 has several paralogs within the human genome, which cover small portions of the entire peptide sequence.
11 November – Eduardo Rabossi, 75, philosopher and human rights activist.
She also obtained a Master's degree in Educational Psychology master's degree (1937) in educational psychology and her Ph.D. (1943) in human development.
The Committee for Medicinal Products for Veterinary Use (CVMP) therefore concluded that binding to dog, rat or human GABA receptors is expected to be low for afoxolaner.
On this teleological view, the good stems from objective facts about human life and purpose.
In China, a country that supports over 20 percent of the world's internet users, the Legislative Affairs Office of the State Council  passed a strict law against the bullying of young people through a bill in response to the Human Flesh Search Engine.
The book is a satire on human society, and a warning about the dangers and extravagances of life in the city.
In a more recent and ongoing line of research, Licinio and collaborators are examining the effects of the human microbiota and the microbiome–gut–brain (MGB) axis in obesity with diabetes and on behaviors relevant to depression and schizophrenia, an emerging area which opens potentially novel avenues for the treatment of psychiatric disorders.
'A Philosophical analysis of the Yoruba concepts of Ori and human destiny', International Studies in Philosophy, 17, 1, 54-69.
Many countries and jurisdictions integrate a human rights philosophy in directing their healthcare policies.
Genetics are also believed to be a factor, with a 2018 study stating that the presence of the human gene APOA2 could result in a higher BMI in individuals.
In the Sumerian flood myth, Enlil rewards Ziusudra with immortality for having survived the flood and, in the Babylonian flood myth, Enlil is the cause of the flood himself, having sent the flood to exterminate the human race, who made too much noise and prevented him from sleeping.
On 24 April 2011, LGBT rights activist and Ekurhuleni Pride Organising Committee member Noxolo Nogwaza was raped and murdered in KwaThema, in what was described as a hate crime by Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International.
The Cascade phase may be even older, depending on when human beings first arrived in America.
It has been advised that all human contact with the water should be avoided as it is hazardous to health.
As if he was a child given by the gods, the cub was fed human food from a carved wooden platter and was treated better than Ainu children for they thought of him as a god.
His work provides evidence that the use of Information Technology is most likely to increase productivity when it is combined with complementary business processes and human capital.
He considers himself to be a "musical dramatist" who uses his music to "empathise with something pre-existing" to convey "something that is human."
Peng Yu and Sun Yuan have also worked with human body parts as well as with live animals and are equally notorious.
Rather than make the effort to understand the intricate processes of change, most critics appeared to slip into the easy vulgarizations of the "devil-view" of history which ingenuously assumes that all human misfortunes can be traced to the machinations of an easily located set of villains—in this case, the big businessmen of America.
Within the context of traditional cosmology, the interaction of these energies constitutes the universe (the All-God, Tian), and their proper cultivation (bao ying) upholds the human world order.
Iranian military theorists downplay the impact of advanced weaponry for Hezbollah, suggesting that human resources are more important for determining victory.
Le réalisme à visage humain,  Hilary Putnam, (Realism with a Human Face), Paris, Le Seuil, 1992.
It must be - I think so - that I see in all human faces passion and paganism.
While prior to 1789, he argues, people's consciousness of history was relatively underdeveloped, the French Revolution and Napoleonic wars that followed brought about a realisation of the constantly changing, evolving character of human existence.
The South-Central Zone Cultural Centre also sponsors cultural events in Nagpur city, such as the Orange City Craft Mela and Folk Dance Festival, Vidarbha which is noted for its numerous folk-dances such as the human tiger.
Human adipocytes contain PKC-zeta, rather than PKC-lambda/iota, as their major aPKC.
Leach writes that human beings talk and act as if non-sensed or abstract concepts exist in the physical world (e.g., marriage, prosperity, recession), having "forgotten" that they symbolically constructed these concepts.
It is a term to describe a commonly held belief that human society will always be planet-based (even if extended beyond Earth), and overlooks or ignores the potential benefits of space-based living.
The main species are Mimosa acustipula and Crotoneae species, pioneer plants following strong human disruption of the environment.
Fourth, she says that Flemming argues "Paul never believed that Jesus was a physical human being" because he "never quotes Jesus or talks about Jesus’ early life."
Upon analysis the meat was found to contain human blood.
Lamott has described why she writes: I try to write the books I would love to come upon, that are honest, concerned with real lives, human hearts, spiritual transformation, families, secrets, wonder, craziness—and that can make me laugh.
The ravine has a number of features such as the Espinazo del Diablo (Devil's Spine), the Balcon de la Primavera (Spring Balcony) and on the west side the Balcon del Diablo (Devil's Balcony) which offers views of the large rock outcroppings which resemble human figures, called Los Frailes (The Friars).
But they insisted, and I guess I'm only human."
However, he seems to have varied in his opinions of human freedom.
Sometimes they consume human corpses, digging up bodies from shallow graves.
According to Dmitri Volkogonov and Harold Shukman, it was Andropov who approved the numerous trials of human rights activists such as Andrei Amalrik, Vladimir Bukovsky, Viacheslav Chornovil, Zviad Gamsakhurdia, Alexander Ginzburg, Natalya Gorbanevskaya, Petro Grigorenko, Anatoly Sharansky, and others.
These induced liver tumors produced an alpha fetoprotein similar to that produced by human hepatomas.
Fontana and colleagues believe that it is possible to substantially enhance human and environmental health, societal wealth and well-being, but this requires a profound transformation in the way we live, and a new environment-centered industrial and economic system.
The songs must have universal appeal, get down to something that every human being feels and can understand.
His research involves both the development of better blood storage systems and hemorrhage control devices and the conduct of large human trials testing better ways to use blood products.
Most habitat destruction is from human population expansion, specifically in the granitic islands due to increased development pressures.
SAGE data shows expression in the brain, cerebral cortex, retina, and skin of human tissues.
The CBC has stated that it fully affirms biblical authority, the sanctity of marriage as expressed in Genesis 2 and affirmed by Jesus Christ in Matthew 19, the sanctity of human life from conception, and the historical New Testament ideals and practices held by the Brethren since 1708.
Despite some claims that shotgun sequencing was in some ways less accurate than the clone-by-clone method chosen by the Human Genome Project, the technique became widely accepted by the scientific community.
In an attempt to find himself, he surrenders to be Classified as a member of human society under the Invaders.
It is primarily an Indo-Pacific genus that is harvested for human consumption in Japan and Australia.
Venezuelan politicians and protesters in New York opposed to Maduro accused the bank of being of complicit of human rights abuses under the government and declared that the operation would fuel hunger in Venezuela by depriving the government of foreign exchange to import food, leading the securities to be dubbed "hunger bonds."
Speaking during a session with the media, she explained that the solution to reducing the 58% unemployment rate was for Nigerian graduates to begin innovating ideas that will enhance human life.
However, WMCF points out that formal definitions are built using words and symbols that have meaning only in terms of human experience.
Master Man is revived by scientist Axl Nacht, and at Nacht's direction, the character abducts the original Human Torch and Ann Raymond (Toro's widow) - their blood being necessary to help revive Warrior Woman, who had suffered brain damage.
SCET has been identified as Resource Institute by the National Programme on Earthquake Engineering Education (NPEEE) launched by Ministry of Human Resource Development (India) to train teachers of architecture for introducing Earthquake Engineering in West and Central Zone with IIT Kanpur.
Human infections of Lyme disease have been increasingly prominent in certain southern parts of Canadian provinces such as Ontario, Quebec, Manitoba, and Nova Scotia.
Examples of slow virus diseases include HIV/AIDS, caused by the HIV virus, subacute sclerosing panencephalitis, the rare result of a measles virus infection, and Paget's disease of bone (osteitis deformans), which may be associated with paramyxoviruses, especially the measles virus and the human respiratory syncytial virus.
This position has been represented in academic journals such as The Journal of Mind and Behavior and Ethical Human Psychology and Psychiatry, which publishes material specifically countering "the idea that emotional distress is due to an underlying organic disease."
His research group was the first to use Raman spectroscopy, starting in 1991, to diagnose cancers in human breast tissue.
In addition, Bartlett's research in clinical psychology has sought to develop our understanding of what he calls human moral intelligence, as well as of the psychology of peer review and editorial bias, the phenomenology of hatred, the psychology of mediocrity, and the psychology of stupidity.
His most recent work in this field has been with the Finnish symphonic metal group Nightwish, having contributed orchestral arrangements for their 2004 album, Once, its 2007 follow up Dark Passion Play, their 2011 album Imaginaerum, their 2015 album, Endless Forms Most Beautiful and its 2020 follow up Human.
He included Ethiopia as an example where development aid increased while human rights "severely deteriorated".
Dyer's breakthrough role was as Moff in Human Traffic, with other notable roles as Billy the Limpet in Mean Machine and as Tommy Johnson in The Football Factory.
Food is also being negatively impacted thanks to human intervention.
The studio introduced a viral marketing website operated by the Institute for Human Continuity, where filmgoers could register for a lottery number to be part of a small population which would be rescued from the global destruction.
 ISO 6710:2017 Single-use containers for human venous blood specimen collection
"Jesus affirmed the dignity of all human beings and reached out compassionately to persons and families suffering the consequences of sin.
It has campaigned for boycott and divestment against corporations that deal with Israel and organized events about Israel's human rights violations.
This movement began after the 2008 Human Rights Watch report  and was started by women who had been fighting the system for over a decade.
The organization soon expanded to include work on discrimination cases, and then political advocacy following the closure of the Michigan Organization for Human Rights.
Operation Netwing is a long-running United Kingdom law enforcement endeavour, headed by Bedfordshire & Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit (BHMCU), investigating allegations of forced labour and human trafficking in Bedfordshire, England by Irish Travellers.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) noted on October 9, 2012, that “one of Kozlov’s lawyers and several civil society activists planning to attend the trial failed to do so because the Air Astana flight from Almaty to Aktau on which they were booked on October 8 was repeatedly delayed and only left Almaty after the trial had already begun.
He was severely wounded saving her life, so she used her technology to optimize him, unlocking his full human potential.
By considering all the resulting combinations of intensities (IS, IM, IL) as a subset of 3-space, a model for human perceptual color space is formed.
Humming Bat was not affected since his cranial nerve was badly damaged during his mercenary days that the ultra sound waves barely affect him at all, though he can hear and comprehend human conversation.
The plant's numbers are low but it grows in rugged terrain in a national park, which may protect it somewhat from human threats.
Ordinary Mongolians apparently combined a cynical and realistic anticlericalism, sensitive to the faults and the human fallibility of individual monks or groups of monks, with a deep and unwavering concern for the transcendent values of the church.
Geoffrey Rowell has made the observation that the stooping of the Ghost of Christmas Present is a reflection of the New Testament's statement that God stooped down to be born in human form in the Incarnation at Bethlehem.
The final outcome document of the Durban Review Conference organized by the UN Human Rights Council, April 21, 2009, Deplores the global rise and number of incidents of racial or religious intolerance and violence, including Islamophobia, anti-Semitism, Christianophobia and anti-ArabismSee also
faith, gospel, word of God, reconciliation, salvation, human resurrection and glorification, the Church as the Body of Christ, Minister, Saints of God.
One of the earliest known allusions to dementia is attributed to the 7th-century BC Greek philosopher Pythagoras, who divided the human lifespan into six distinct phases: 0–6 (infancy), 7–21 (adolescence), 22–49 (young adulthood), 50–62 (middle age), 63–79 (old age), and 80–death (advanced age).
The missile detonated, allowing the Human High Council to escape Earth.
SD is caused by a mutation in the SLC17A5 gene, located at human chromosome 6q14-15.
The brain grows rapidly for the first five years of human development.
December 27 – It is announced that Health and Human Services Secretary Schwelker orders that doctors and other health professionals receive a crackdown in the event they have defaulted from student loans.
The same may apply to human bones found in the fills of enclosure ditches around MK settlements.
Human characters are average in all statistics.
Human Heredity by Erwin Baur, Eugen Fischer, and Fritz Lenz.
The area is already disturbed on account of severe biotic pressure due to human settlements and resorts and that the construction phase of the project would involve transport of building materials through the highways passing through the core area of the Bandipur and Mudmulai Tiger Reserves.
In this fictional universe, characters use a method of travelling between different timelines called "SHIFT" (short for "Spacetime Human Internal Fluctuating Travel").
Also, the Council of Europe, formed by the Treaty of London 1949, adopted a European Convention on Human Rights, overseen by a new transnational court in Strasbourg in 1950.
Unlike many of the other symbiotes, Toxin did not try to take over the mind of his human host.
Charlie and Itchy meet Sasha and an 8-year-old human boy she is looking after named David (Adam Wylie), who ran away from home to become a street magician.
In November 1903 they created the Human Culture Company, with Miller as President and Schofield as Vice-President, with the intent purpose of promoting phrenology.
In 1978, he joined the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights under the Law in Washington, D.C., and in 1982, he launched Human Rights Watch's (HRW) Americas Program.
It is performed using only human voice samples.
Lifewide learning adds important detail to the broad pattern of human development we call lifelong learning – all the learning and development one gains as one progresses along the pathway of one's life.
Geographers do not study only the details of the natural environment or human society, but they also study the reciprocal relationship between these two.
The word religio originally meant an obligation to the gods, something expected by them from human beings or a matter of particular care or concern as related to the gods.
Back at the exhibit, however, she finds part of the clay on one figure has worn away, revealing a human finger.
For example, climate change deniers have published studies in the Energy and Environment journal, attempting to undermine the body of research that shows how human activity impacts the Earth's climate.
Art curator Ditas Samson expounds on this, describing a typical Borlongan canvas as "dominated by the human figure - often distorted in shape, in unreal hues."
The popularity of Sexual Behavior in the Human Male prompted widespread media interest in 1948.
The composition of human milk oligosaccharides in breast milk is individual to each mother and varies over the period of lactation.
As Zhuge Liang did not want to cause further bloodshed, he ordered buns shaped roughly like human heads – round with a flat base – to be made and thrown into the river.
Gani Fawehinmi (22 April 1938 – 5 September 2009) was a Nigerian author, publisher and human right activist
Their mouths are not large enough to cause a human fatality.
FAST is a Windows program that allows scientists, planners and schedulers to quantify the effects of various work-rest schedules on human performance.
They often take their human rights concerns to heads of state in personal meetings and through letters.
The Politics of Human Rights Protection, Rowman & Littlefield Publishers INC, 
Although the funds could be used to finance all kinds of stem cell research, it gives priority to human embryonic stem cell research.
However, these methods were designed for computation by human calculators, requiring some expertise to ensure convergence to the solution which made them inapplicable for programming on digital computers.
It is because our human ancestors fell.
Bruno Manser (25 August 1954 – presumed dead 10 March 2005) was a Swiss environmentalist and human rights activist.
She later moved to Tokyo, where she spent three years working in the field of human development.
The students also used the printing machine to produce pamphlets outlining violations of human rights by the communist government in Poland which were then smuggled to the West.
Many early accounts of the orangutan describe the males as being sexually aggressive towards human women and towards females of its own species, much like classical Greek satyrs.
The "median interpretation" encourages the study of secular knowledge, but only insofar as this permits application of a Torah outlook and philosophy to human knowledge and culture.
Most studies are performed in larger species such as dogs, pigs and sheep which allow for testing in a similar sized model as that of a human.
The only promising method (Zuehlke, 2007) to design future technical products and systems is to understand human abilities and limitations and to focus the technology on these abilities and limitations.
Characters created by Jacquet's company include the Sub-Mariner and the original Golden Age Human Torch.
On December 24, 1968, the crew of Apollo 8, Frank Borman, James Lovell and William Anders, became the first human beings to enter lunar orbit and see the far side of the Moon in person.
Another threat to the totoaba is from human poaching: the swim bladder is a valuable commodity, as it is considered a delicacy in Chinese cuisine; the meat is also sought-after for making soups.
CIW received the 2015 Presidential Medal for Extraordinary Efforts to Combat Human Trafficking in Persons for "pioneering the Fair Food Program, empowering agricultural workers, and leveraging market forces and consumer awareness to promote supply chain transparency and eradicate modern slavery on participating farms."
Since 1995, Ladwig has worked as consultant in human resources, organization and management.
The 2002 Constitution of Timor-Leste established the Provedor for Human Rights and Justice as an independent organ.
In their name, Mulam, mu6 is a classifier for human beings and lam1 (in some dialects it is kyam1) is another form of the name used by the Dong (Kam), to whom the Mulao people are ethnically related.
In his 1981 book The Ultimate Resource, Simon noted that not all decreases in resources or increases in unwanted effects correspond to overall decreases in human wellbeing.
He used the term "providence" to reconcile the historical dynamic of commercial progress with a set of fixed moral rules that lay at the core of successful human interaction.
Prior to serving in government, Schneider worked at Planned Parenthood as the director of human resources for the affiliate serving Santa Barbara, Ventura, and San Luis Obispo counties.
On March 12, 2012 the label released their album 'The Human Condition', recorded by Daniel Braunstein and Diego Farias from the band, Volumes.
The Human Be-In focused the key ideas of the 1960s counterculture: personal empowerment, cultural and political decentralization, communal living, ecological awareness, higher consciousness (with the aid of psychedelic drugs), acceptance of illicit psychedelics use, and radical New Left political consciousness.
She is an expert and activist in human rights issues.
He tells her that he is human and that he got into Narnia through a wardrobe door.
For Long Distance Voyager in 1981 Edge contributed "22,000 Days"—the length of an average human lifespan in days—sung by Thomas, Lodge and Hayward; this was also used as the UK B-side of the single "Gemini Dream".
Fragmentation of authority among decision centers within a jurisdiction and the overlapping of jurisdictional authority are key to advancing human welfare and a stable political order.
There are currently two accepted models for the creation of human artificial chromosome vectors.
On March 1, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced plans to expand its Head Start Program to more Flint children affected by the crisis.
The possibility of human cloning has raised controversies.
The risks of human placentophagy are also still unclear, but there has been one confirmed case of an infant needing hospitalization due to a group B strep blood infection tied to their mother's consumption of their placenta.
One story on 16 February accused the government of covering up the true numbers of infections and deaths "in the name of maintaining stability", of keeping the media under control, and accused the authorities of "coercively and violently ordering and depriving people of their basic human and property rights" through the imposed strict lockdown.
African nations dominate the lower reaches of the UN Human Development Index.
A Study of Josef Fuchs’ Writing on Human Nature and Morality (2005)
The clash of powerful human passions, between illicit love and duty, culminates in the mutilation and execution of Arsakidze at Giorgi's behest.
CLEC2D encodes the gene for the Lectin Like Transcript-1 (LLT1) protein which is a functional ligand for the human NKR-P1A receptor, encoded by the KLRB1 gene.
The organisation is committed to implementing human rights and conserving natural resources.
Minister for Human Services, Michelle Lensink, is the sole trustee of the trust that owns Highgate Park, the Home for the Incurables Trust.
She served a vice-chair of the subcommittee on sports-related concussions, and as vice-chair for the subcommittee on international human rights of the standing committee on foreign affairs and international development.
Hidden information within the blank cards allows the RFID reader, a digital tarot reader automaton, to interpret information hidden from the human eye.
Since 2001 he has been the director of the Moscow Bureau for Human Rights.
It is estimated that Habré's government carried out 40,000 politically motivated killings and over 200,000 cases of torture, leading Human Rights Watch to dub him "Africa's Pinochet."
Hence, it is considered the third branch of geography, the other branches being physical and human geography.
They also claimed a lack of criticism of U.S. human rights violations in the annual reports.
CBTU has also passed resolutions highlighting political and human rights issues in Namibia and Zimbabwe.
Despite the title, she is a human whom the original Syaoran believes to be a Kumari.
In recognition of foreign policy activities, or more precisely, for promoting human rights, Charanzová was the first Czech MEP to win the MEP of the Year Award for 2016 in the category of foreign affairs in March 2016.
Franchini has pioneered research on oncogenes and human retroviruses (HTLVs and HIVs).
A hostile alien race has conquered the earth and enslaved the human race to do their bidding.
Human re-entered the top 10 at number 4 on 1 March 2018 (week ending) for 4 weeks.
Treatise Concerning Human Nature, edited by L.A. Selby-Bigge.
The festival is also auspicious as it marks the victory of Kali over Daariken, an evil character and the renewal of protection of the Goddess on human beings.
The head of the Pennsylvania branch of the Democratic Party responded similarly by strongly condemning Metcalfe, heavily censuring him as "a partisan hack who abuses his power at the expense of making government better for Pennsylvanians" and "a disgusting human being."
He has also taught international law and human rights at the post-graduate level in the United Kingdom and practiced law for many years in the United States.
Successful treatment of human cases with thiabendazole or albendazole (with or without corticosteroids) have been reported.
When viewed from a specific focal point on the building's third floor atrium, the neurons take on the shape of a human brain.
Other processes regenerate ATP so that the human body recycles its own body weight equivalent in ATP each day.
", a 2001 episode of the TV documentary series The Human Face
Human introduction to non-native areas
He later co-created and starred in the MTV sketch comedy show Human Giant, after which he had acting roles in a number of feature films.
Three days after the election date was announced, Human Rights Watch said that the Center for the Study and Initiatives for Development had been ordered to shut down.
At some point in the human life cycle, cells that are located in the base of the hair's follicles slow, and eventually stop producing pigment.
The goal of the network is to provide resources for human factors practitioners and healthcare organizations looking to successfully apply HF principles to improve patient care and provider performance.
Others specialize on human rights issues such as minority protection, for example Forum Minority Research Institute (Fórum Kisebbségkutató Intézet or Fórum Intézet in Hungarian and Fórum inštitút pre výskum menšín or Fórum inštitút in Slovak).
Slowly, he realises the value of life and human beings.
According to Campbell, Atwood suggests that rape is about power as well as sexuality, while in contrast showing the power of human connection to combat fear.
Clapham, A., Human Rights: A Very Short Introduction, Oxford University Press, UK, 2007
The human body has two methods of thermogenesis, which produces heat to raise the core body temperature.
Those recommendations concern the adoption of enhanced transparency, human rights and environmental policies by EDC.
As such, there is no human judgment or discretionary buy-sell decision making; rather, “in a pure quant model the final decision to buy or sell is made by the model” or through the “utilization of an expert system that replicates previously captured actions of real traders.”
In a report to the United Nations, Guatemala's Human Rights Commission reported 713 extrajudicial killings and 506 disappearances of Guatemalans in the period from January to September 1984.
In Physics of the Future he asserts that "It will take many decades for robots to ascend" up a scale of consciousness, and that in the meantime corporations such as Hanson Robotics will likely succeed in creating robots that are "capable of love and earning a place in the extended human family".
demonstrate the use of population viability analysis as a conservation planning tool for reducing human wildlife conflicts.
They consist of "lumps of pure Carolinum" that induce "a blazing continual explosion" whose half-life is seventeen days, so that it is "never entirely exhausted," so that "to this day the battle-fields and bomb fields of that frantic time in human history are sprinkled with radiant matter, and so centres of inconvenient rays."
This book was awarded by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, for original work done in the national language for Science & Technology.
Mahnaz Shirali is a human rights and Iranian women's rights activist and has lectured at various congresses in the field.
It seeks to fulfill human needs, based on a deep understanding of natural ecosystems, and minimizing disruption to those ecosystems.
It is clear that in human visible wavelengths, typica are camouflaged against lichens and carbonaria against plain bark.
As the Member of the National Human Rights Commission, Justice D. Murugesam  had chaired the workshop on the "Elimination of Bonded Labour" and the Camp Sittings organized in various parts of India, for hearing of cases of "Atrocities against the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe communities" and the Issues relating to Bonded Labours.
Widely regarded as not only a brilliant academician, but also a warm and caring human being, Hartley was deeply committed to all phases of his profession, including education, research, and delivery of knowledge and advice to users of statistics.
Protection of human rights and freedoms as the main principle of administrative law.
Sadun's major research was on the human immunologic reaction to parasitic diseases, or more precisely, host-parasite immunological interactions.
Although the jyn'ai are creatures from the astral plane they can assume human shape when they are on the material plane.
Despite high human population and activity in Africa, not all raptor species have declined sharply.
Allowing racial balancing as a compelling end in itself would "effectively assur[e] that race will always be relevant in American life, and that the 'ultimate goal' of 'eliminating entirely from governmental decisionmaking such irrelevant factors as a human being's race' will never be achieved."
Most portable treatment processes focus on mitigating human pathogens for safety and removing particulates matter, tastes and odours.
After reading Darwin's Origin of Species, Galton built upon Darwin's ideas whereby the mechanisms of natural selection were potentially thwarted by human civilization.
An associated article was published in the International Journal of Human Resource Management in 2009.
She has helped build networks and coalitions, strengthened formal human rights mechanisms both in Indonesia and the United Nations, and supported activist engagement across Indonesia, the Asia Pacific region and globally.
The highest goal is to visualize the cosmos as a book of symbols for meditation and contemplation for spiritual upliftment or as a prison from which the human soul must escape to attain true freedom in the spiritual journey to God.
She was also engaged in initiating the development of commercial human spaceflight capabilities to low earth orbit.
The water bodies of central hills are invaded by exotic species of fish and other aquatic flora and usage of many areas for human habitations are known to harm the animal.
The organization is licensed by the Alabama State Board of Health, the Georgia Department of Human Resources, the Tennessee Department of Public Health and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
 Bachelor of Human Resource Management
When they ran out of livestock and trinkets for the dragon, they started giving up a human tribute once a year.
McHenry also estimated the living height of 3 P. robustus specimens (male SK 82, male SK 97, and female or subadult SK 3155), by scaling down an average human to meet the estimated size of the preserved femur, as , , and , respectively.
Twenty-two articles were published in Human Resources for Health on this special theme between July 2008 and November 2009.
In 2006 his book After Dolly: The Uses and Misuses of Human Cloning was published, co-authored with Ian Wilmut.
A singular term for Aristotle is primary substance, which can only be predicated of itself: (this) "Callias" or (this) "Socrates" are not predicable of any other thing, thus one does not say every Socrates one says every human (De Int.
However, they recount that representatives of Red Cross are not allowed to see them nor lawyers or human rights defenders.
Developing Human Computer Interfaces can sometimes be the critical part of the development effort, since to the users the interface essentially is the system.
The Barbarians prepare The Stranger for a human sacrifice in memory of Rodrigo, as The Princess engages in a duel with Sombra after she refuses to tell him the location of the treasure.
I recognized no rights but human rights."
The human rights and social justice advocacy group Global Exchange recommends CASMII members Foaad Khosmood and Alex Patico as public speakers on anti-war topics related to Iran.
The governmental National Society for Human Rights criticised the behaviour of the religious police in May 2007 in its first report since its establishment in March 2004.
Monsignor Gali Bali, an Old Testament Scholar and Bishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Guntur reveals that the table fellowship of Jesus has great significance in everyday human life especially as the Church seeks to see people with the eyes of Christ himself where Gali Bali invokes Redemptor Hominis authored by Pope John Paul II.
It appears to be held by a human figure, glyph 530 , with what might be a headdress.
There are both federal and provincial tribunals for some subject matters such as unionized labour and human rights.
There has been human activity in Bishop Burton for at least 10,000 years, with traces left from the Mesolithic, Neolithic, Bronze Age, Iron Age and Romano-British eras.
As maintained open parkland with high levels of human activity, Ušće is characterized by low diversity of breeding landbirds, but in winter the banks are very popular among birdwatchers as it is possible to observe rare and interesting waterbirds swimming at the confluence off the banks of Great and Little War Island.
Human contact was completely banned.
“Schemes such as this are particularly abhorrent,” said Inspector General Daniel R. Levinson for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Erika Elizabeth Feller – For distinguished service to the international community, to the recognition and protection of human rights, and to refugee law.
There are claims, however, that false testimony was used as evidence in accusing the Argentine officers and NCOs of abandonment, and Vassel had reaign as undersecretary of human rights of Corrientes in 2010.
Political freedoms and human rights are claimed to be the foundation of an open society.
Toriel intervenes before the fight with Asgore and is joined by the other monsters the human befriended.
In 2017-2018 she served as the Alaska Review Editor for the fourth National Climate Assessment and currently serves as one of two US Delegates to the Social and Human Working Group of the International Arctic Science Committee.
Peccei felt "It is not impossible to foster a human revolution capable of changing our present course."
He also stated that "Such a heinous crime requires the international community to rally efforts to confront such cowardly acts and devious thoughts, which pay no respect to human lives and sacred places".
After 1737, authors with strong political or philosophical points to make would no longer turn to the stage as their first hope of making a living, and novels began to have dramatic structures involving only normal human beings, as the stage was closed off for serious authors.
Pati Bhakti also called Human Emotions was directed by J. J. Madan for his banner Madan Theatres Ltd.
Upon meeting Sakura, she becomes his first human friend and develops strong feelings for her as the story progresses.
The river has been a focal point for human activity in the area for a long time; the oldest discovered settlement in Estonia has been discovered by the river near the town of Sindi and has been dated to circa 7,500 BC.
Many of the schemes rivers and lochs are categorised as Heavily Modified Water Bodies (defined as a body of surface water which, as a result of physical alterations by human activity, is substantially changed in character.)
Colin Festus Adams, Senior Executive Officer, Human Resources Equality and Diversity Team, Department for Education and Skills.
"A single Dose, Randomized Two Period Crossover Pharmacokinetic Study of 2.0 mg Intranasal Hydromorphone Hydrochloride In Healthy Human Volunteers Using 10 mg/ml and 20 mg/ml Formulations.
The author compares the transience of nature to that of human existence, in the Biblical context of John the Baptist saying that Jesus will increase but he [John] will decrease ().
Human After All (2014) (tribute of the remix from Daft Punk)
Furthermore, the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness has acknowledged that LGBT youth are at a 120% greater risk of homelessness than heterosexual youth, and that they are also more vulnerable to negative health conditions, exploitation, and human trafficking.
Various human rights activists condemned the response.
The Five also nearly bring a peace between human and Cylon by exchanging resurrection technology (which can only be rebuilt by the combined knowledge of the Five) for peace.
„Every human being is a work of art.“ 1985
The clear message from fingerprint studies is that the observed warming over the last half-century cannot be explained by natural factors, and is instead caused primarily by human factors.
Anthony Elliott argues that Lyotard's ideas are problematic from the standpoint of critical psychoanalytic theory, and involve questionable assumptions about human subjectivity and agency.
As the land continued to rise from the sea, human activity increased as well and Thy was a very active spot, with a thriving culture in the Bronze Ages.
Adriana S. Benzaquén: Childhood, Identity and Human Science in the Enlightenment, in History Workshop Journal, 2004
Optical illusions such as the Fraser spiral strikingly demonstrate limitations in human visual perception, creating what the art historian Ernst Gombrich called a "baffling trick."
The purported background of some such associated feelings may be due to an egalitarian-related sentiment, whereby one feels a sense of solidarity with individuals in the lowest Human Development Index countries.
In December 2017 Thurston was awarded the Australian Human Rights Commission Medal for his work with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders.
Urbanization and other human activities are making such rapid inroads into the natural habitat of palmetto that they are raising concerns about its future and that of its environment.
She is later found to be a human girl who was genetically altered by the villain Brainiac to appear Kryptonian.
The Kneeling Bull With Vessel is a small 6 3/8 inches (16.3 cm) tall statue made of silver with an animal upper part of a bull holding a vessel with pebbles inside and a lower part shaped in the body of a kneeling human wearing a patterned article of clothing.
This book contained a list of 86 human organs that he considered vestigial, or as Wiedersheim himself explained: "Organs having become wholly or in part functionless, some appearing in the Embryo alone, others present during Life constantly or inconstantly.
In July 2018, human rights solicitor Geoffrey Bindman wrote: "Unfortunately, the definition and the examples are poorly drafted, misleading, and in practice have led to the suppression of legitimate debate and freedom of expression.
Among his best known works is The Last Great Sea: A Voyage Through the Human and Natural History of the North Pacific Ocean (2000), which was nominated for the Bill Duthie Booksellers' Choice Award and the Roderick Haig-Brown Regional Prize, and was the winner of the Hubert Evans Non-Fiction Prize.
He also admits to using human growth hormone for one year, 1998, to recover from the groin injury.
For this reason, some critics have maintained that Some Thoughts Concerning Education vies with the Essay Concerning Human Understanding for the title of Locke's most influential work.
The investigative Commons center opened in Berlin, Germany in 2021 and houses the European Center for Constitutional and Human Rights, Forensic Architecture, and Bellingcat.
Peter Tatchell, human rights campaigner (1973, BSc Sociology, Polytechnic of North London)
The paper cites a number of benefits of genetically engineered fish, including a larger number of eggs laid per female, a low probability of carrying human pathogens, strong markets for aquaculture, and increased feed-conversion efficiency.
Human Rights Watch reported that "racism and xenophobia remain entrenched problems in Ukraine".
Dicks also specifies that the two opposing human superpowers are the East and West blocs, something that is left ambiguous in the televised story.
Most of these have not caused much damage, and most have only established in human settlements.
According to Human Rights Watch, 
Emergent interactive agency defines Bandura's view of agencies, where human agency can be exercised through direct personal agency.
They could be used to embody what Stephen J. Campbell calls a "monstrous double" of the category in which human beings often placed themselves.
Examples of infectious waste include discarded blood, sharps, unwanted microbiological cultures and stocks, identifiable body parts (including those as a result of amputation), other human or animal tissue, used bandages and dressings, discarded gloves, other medical supplies that may have been in contact with blood and body fluids, and laboratory waste that exhibits the characteristics described above.
 The Future of the Professions: How Technology Will Transform the Work of Human Experts (Oxford University Press, 2015) (with D. Susskind)
The pope and emperor were both human, and no peer had power over another peer.
The National Strategic Plan focuses on strategic needs of OVC such as protecting their human rights and ensuring access to adequate food, shelter, education and health services, and protection from abuse.
Moments later, Thay was destroyed (along with Dalek Jast) when the Dalek Human hybrids rebelled against the orders to kill the Doctor and opened fire on the Daleks instead.
They had five pair of male and female children, each pairs were married and the world is full with human beings once more.
Sukhmani shows us that both good and evil lie within each of us, however when faced with exceptional circumstances, each human acts differently.
Cook, Sherburne F. "The Significance of Disease in the Extinction of the New England Indians," Human Biology 45 (1973): 485–508.
After Samekujira's death, Kotaro declared his intention to continue as a human and returned the Ultra Badge back to the Mother of Ultra.
L.A. Noire uses the proprietary motion capture technology MotionScan, which captures actors' facial expressions from every angle, resulting in a realistic recreation of a human face essential for the game's interrogations.
She was professor of nutrition at the University of Otago, and is particularly noted for her investigation of the importance of selenium in the human diet.
Human weapons are less effective at penetrating shields and require reloading ammunition, but cannot overheat due to prolonged fire.
For creating functional maps of human cortex during more complex cognitive tasks, MEG is most often combined with fMRI, as the methods complement each other.
From 2016 to 2020, he served as chief of staff to the Deputy Mayor for Health and Human Services and concurrently in 2019, a senior advisor to the mayor on homelessness issues.
Karl Popper calls this idea "one of the boldest, most revolutionary, and most portentous ideas in the whole history of human thinking."
Sharing with all other people their human nature, she is different.
The woodcut also shows America stepping on a human head, which is meant to connote cannibalism.
The Unit advised principals, school councils, teachers, parents, tertiary institutions and others in all aspects of Health and Human Relations Education.
The essence of the theory is that the human brain is capable of displaying two apparently contradictory, mutually exclusive behaviors – integration and segregation – at the same time.
He is the editor-in-chief of the Journal of Human Resources.
Collins then begins to search for his human body.
Biomusic can be divided into two basic categories: music that is created solely by the animal (or in some cases plant), and music which is based upon animal noises but which is arranged by a human composer.
The transport slides past hundreds of human skulls which decorate the walls, as the crystal skull on a plinth radiates light.
The episode suggested that children with Down Syndrome are a result of incestuous relationships, provoking advocacy group Down Syndrome Australia to lodge a complaint with the Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission and the Australian Communications and Media Authority, insisting that major advertisers in the show's timeslot boycott it and asking for a public apology from Seven.
Considering cross-boundary effects will be essential to a complete understanding of potential consequences of human action on the landscape.
Malkhaz Akishbaia accuses Russian militants of violating human right Georgian Times; (2009.02.04).
In eukaryotes and more specifically in chordates (such as human, mouse, chicken, zebrafish and sea squirt), alanine- and glycine-rich LCRs are over-represented in recently formed LCRs and probably are better tolerated by the cell.
The features of the iris are one of the most stable features on the human body throughout life.
Because human beings have a finite lifespan, they can commit only a finite number of sins, yet Hell is an infinite punishment.
 Hugh Montgomery (physician), director of the UCL Institute for Human Health and Performance
 PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human P53.
At the current time, the human resistance has arranged itself into Great Houses, which are headed by Warlords (a non-pejorative term).
It is one of the most remote places with a constant human presence.
Lovato became the face of Human Rights Campaign's America's for Marriage Equality in 2015.
The medical Students for Human Rights worked with him to set up several free neighborhood clinics in Chicago including the Black Panthers and Young Lords.
In 2017, the University of Lausanne entrusted him with curating the in situ exhibition "From BFSH 2 to Anthropole - 1987-2017" on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Building of the Faculties of Human Sciences II.
So you find conduits for the worry in surrogate material or surrogate human beings or situations.
As a campaign, it called for the law to be oblivious to the secondary characteristics of sex and to accommodate women at the same level as men, according to their primary characteristic of being a human.
Communication scientist – academic field that deals with processes of human communication, commonly defined as the sharing of symbols to create meaning.
In terms of non-governmental organisations, the group Human Rights Watch welcomed what happened, with its South Asia director labelling the judgement as "hugely significant".
It is used for human consumption in the Russian Federation and Japan, fresh or frozen.
The ongoing genocide against the Rohingya people garnered strong criticism internationally and it also generated serious concerns about the human rights issues.
Human Rights groups condemned this move as a potential violation of the rights to freedom of expression and freedom of religion of those women who wear the burqa or the niqab as an expression of their identity or beliefs.
 Cricket: Steps to Success, Human Kinetics Europe Ltd, 2010, 
Tenth International Symposium on Circumcision, Genital Integrity & Human Rights: Keele, England; September 4–6, 2008.
He begins a campaign of warfare, intending to first take over the human population, and then attack the Winds head-on, but inadvertently alerts the Winds when he uses forbidden technology during a battle and is subsequently destroyed by them.
The shoreline has been built up with cottages to the point that most of the lakeshore has been adapted for human use.
Staffed by only eight employees, the department was charged with conducting research and development related to "agriculture, rural development, aquaculture and human nutrition in the most general and comprehensive sense of those terms".
One of the obstacles to treatment of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) is its high genetic variability.
The concept of "being" is derived by us from the objects of human experience and is an attribute of such objects, but the infinite, transcendent One is beyond all such objects and, therefore, is beyond the concepts which we can derive from them.
He was involved in the cases Heaney & McGuinness v Ireland in relation to Article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights and Cogley v RTÉ which established rules relating to public interest and defamation in the press.
In November 2015, Punjab Food Authority with the collaboration of USAID and the  University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences (UVAS), Lahore, Department of Dairy Technology and Department of Food Science & Human Nutrition, she was running a project called  Data Collection for the Assessment of Supply of Loose Milk in Lahore.
In 2002 he was appointed to the Department of Foreign Affairs as Minister of State with responsibility for Overseas Development and Human Rights.
Filmmaker Ali Samadi Ahadi released The Green Wave, a Documentary film about the protests and human rights violations in Iran in 2009.
Ita Martadinata Haryono (18), an Indonesian human rights activist, was found dead on 9 October 1998, in her bedroom in Central Jakarta, Indonesia.
There were different types of knives, some of them allude to human sacrifice, being carved as a skull silhouette, where the nose was used as the cutting edge of the weapon.
Human rights in Saddam Hussein's Iraq
Indeed, the concept of human rights either did not exist or was strictly reserved for European-Americans.
The Australian Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission (HREOC) released guidelines on access to buildings and services in 2007, under the Disability Discrimination Act 1992.
After visiting New York, Demkina traveled to Tokyo Electrical University (東京電機大学) in Japan, at the invitation of Professor Yoshio Machi, who studies claims of unusual human abilities.
She cited Lucy Stone and Mary Wollstonecraft for their role as defenders of human and women's rights.
During this journey, Ribbit is accidentally hypnotised into believing he is a human prince trapped in a frog's body.
The school's main goal was to "educate girls in Catholic values," with the "necessary training for their insertion in the society as Christian mothers and workers with a solid Human Christian formation."
Set in an original world, the player controls an emperor or empress as they maintain their empire against magical and human threats; while there is an original narrative with a final boss, many of the events are based on the plots and characters of previous SaGa games.
In 2017, the Bonavero Institute of Human Rights took over as the organiser.
The main areas of research at the Institute include development planning and policy, environment, health and population, human development, rural development and management, culture, power and change, democracy and institutions.
Some historians, seeking to explain the term castor gras, have assumed that coat beaver was rich in human oils from having been worn so long (much of the top-hair was worn away through usage, exposing the valuable under-wool), and that this is what made it attractive to the hatters.
One clade included all the human strains: the second clade seems likely to be an undescribed species.
It took several more years for Meggan to discover her natural form: taller than a normal human, with longer platinum blond hair, pointed ears, and black eyes.
The European Court of Human Rights has held that Article 6 (especially the "implied" rights) is not an absolute right and that measures restricting the rights of the defence so as to safeguard an important public interest are lawful if "strictly necessary".
A table compares the relative levels of human and werecreature characters, for help with designing balanced encounters.
Human input was allowed, but the more AI was used, the more points the entry would get from the jury.
"It's a good step, very human and generous," said Vitaly Yaroshevsky, a former associate of the murdered journalist and deputy editor-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta, who came to see the opening of the new promenade.
 List of animals awarded human credentials
The houses on Church Walk were so shattered and demolished as to be no longer safe for human habitation.
Within the often morally ambiguous world of A Song of Ice and Fire, questions concerning loyalty, pride, human sexuality, piety, and the morality of violence frequently arise.
«...I have never understood in what way the Kingdom of God could be incarnated in public life as a clan of groups of human interest that would use God as flag and tablecloth for their daily meal.
On July 8, 2009, Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley filed a suit, Massachusetts v. United States Department of Health and Human Services, challenging the constitutionality of DOMA.
In a revision of Marxism and his earlier existentialism, Sartre argues that the fundamental relation of human history is scarcity.
Human Rights Watch has been documenting these cases".
Human Rights Watch also called on Israel to grant all detained and injured flotilla members immediate access to legal counsel and their families, and to disclose the identities of all those injured and killed.
A similar example appears in Leibniz's New Essays on Human Understanding (written in 1704, but not published until 1764); indeed given that the New Essays is intended as a rebuttal to Locke, it may even have been the same individual.
Length measurement technologies in human development, for example, started with a compressive measure, such as a ruler.
In 3951 BBY (Before the Battle of Yavin), human refugees began fleeing violent revolution on their core world planet of Grizmallt.
From 15th to the 18th centuries, the period saw square rigged sailing ships carry European settlers to many parts of the world in one of the most important human migrations in recorded history.
When they took power, she served as vice-president of the Supreme Court of Justice, then as director of the National Commission for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights.
 Centre for Global Human Resource Management
The National Human Rights Commission ordered the Haryana Police to compensate Kumar for the wrongful arrest, but he declined to accept, terming the compensation to be insufficient.
The northern half of the property comprises steep hills and ranges with moderate to strong rock outcrop and has very little human habitation or cultivation.
According to Yale and Harvard medical scholars writing in The Lancet, it is characterised by "careful methods, adherence to international norms of human rights documentation, recording of combatant status and rank, documentation of cause of death and particular weapons involved, geographical scope, and explicit attention to the limitations of the data".
After a few verses, brief shots of the band in actual, human form are intercut with the puppet footage.
He is married to Emma Daly, Communications Director at Human Rights Watch.
 Ella Baker Center for Human Rights
She also heals faster than a normal human, and has enhanced reflexes that enable her to be an effective close combat soldier.
The School of Information was officially established in 1996 offering a master's of science in information with some specializations (library and information science, archives and record management, human computer interaction, information economics management and policy, and a tailored program).
In all of science and its assertory statements, a human being is always involved to interpret.
Jenkem is a purported inhalant and hallucinogen created from fermented human waste.
The healthcare error proliferation model is an adaptation of James Reason’s Swiss Cheese Model designed to illustrate the complexity inherent in the contemporary healthcare delivery system and the attribution of human error within these systems.
This presumption of a free, self-authored mind combined with an immutable human nature leads to the Lockean doctrine of "natural" rights.
Though bicycles are a staple of human transportation, in both rural and urbanised areas, bamboo bicycles are not widely used.
One expert states, "Her individual moves are borderline human.
timonae is a Massilia timonae-like, Gram-negative, aerobic bacterium from the genus Massilia and family of Oxalobacteraceae which was isolated from human patients.
The yellow signifies that Tamils' aspiration to freely govern themselves in their own homeland is a fundamental political and human right.
A scientist, moved by this, attempts to save Cartman, who is about to reveal that he is a human when Butters shows up to rescue him.
The human and doll's house worlds reflect Potter's upper-middle-class background and origins: the proper little girl who owns the doll's house has a governess and the doll's house has servants' quarters and is furnished with gilt clocks, vases of flowers, and other accoutrements that bespeak the middle class.
Cost and revenue of a human trafficker
Drugs and Human Behaviour, 1970 (with S. Canter & W.E.
On December 8, 2015 the FDA announced that its approval came from two centers: The Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) approved the human therapeutic application of the medication, while the Center for Veterinary Medicine (CVM) approved the application for a recombinant DNA construct in genetically engineered chicken to produce rhLAL in their egg whites.
Finally, he developed his own philosophical program called the philosophy of labour that emphasized the role of human activity in creating and re-creating the reality.
The human MID1 gene is located on the short arm of the X chromosome (Xp22.2) and includes 9 coding exons, spanning approximately 400 kb of the genome.
Martín Ignacio Soria (born 15 December 1975) is an Argentine lawyer and politician, currently serving as a Minister of Justice and Human Rights of Argentina, since 29 March 2021.
Pre-colonial Māori music consisted mainly of a form of microtonal chanting and performances on instruments called taonga pūoro: a variety of blown, struck and twirled instruments made out of hollowed-out wood, stone, whale ivory, albatross bone, and human bone.
The character first appeared in "Pickman's Model" (1927), in which he was still a living human artist.
It contains 47 cave paintings, including of human figures and some animal shapes.
1974 - Dr. Li and his team sequenced human LH and TSH.
In January 2003, Michael Hauser along with fellow researchers at the Duke Center for Human Genetics (CHG) coined the term “genomic convergence” to describe their endeavor to identify genes affecting the expression of Parkinson disease (PD).
In 1996, she was appointed as Deputy Director of Human Resources in the FCO (1999–2001) and later Director.
The grains are high in protein and small-scale commercial production for human consumption has commenced.
Carbonated milk is milk that has been carbonated and sold for human consumption.
A second 2019 case in Hidalgo County, Texas involved the owner of a bar and her son who were arrested on human trafficking and sexual assault charges following a year-long joint investigation involving TABC, county officials, and the FBI.
It noted the problems some of the laws in the region presented and stated that it would "promote the harmonious development of all its work areas based on the interdependence and indivisibility of all human rights and the need to protect the rights of all individuals and groups historically subjected to discrimination."
Politics rules over practical life so the proper aim of politics should include the proper aim of all other pursuits, so that "this end would be the human good ()".
He proposes that God is currently reassembling himself through the continuing formation of a collective intelligence in the form of the human race, modern examples of which include the development of the internet; this is related to the idea of the Omega Point.
Since Shrek drank the potion, it also affected Fiona as she woke up to seeing her human form once again.
Human Rights Watch also criticised the conviction calling the four "activists" and saying "This is clearly a lost opportunity to restore justice in Angola, and particularly in Cabinda."
Anupama Chopra said, "This is the type of film in which the human beings are so annoying that you are actually rooting for the creature that kills them.
Human activity has introduced improved pastures, and eucalyptus and pine plantations.
It is possible to distinguish Yup'ik human figurines from Iñupiaq examples on the basis of facial features.
An estimated 250,000 people are believed to have taken part in Hands Across Britain in a human chain that stretched for .
The method is a set of rules and views to cope with the most common issues that occur when implementing a software product: business alignment from the organizational view and acceptance from human view.
He was cleared of all charges against him in 2005, and in 2010, the UN Human Rights Committee found several civil rights violations in his detention and trial.
Yinka Odumakin, 54, Nigerian human rights activist and politician, complications from COVID-19.
The album reportedly takes its name from the John Coltrane record, Selflessness: Featuring My Favorite Things (1969), and the cover is a photograph of human nerve cells growing on a microchip.
This is sometimes preferable to traditional conservation because it does not impair human use of the landscape and therefore may be more acceptable to stakeholders.
The family Cucurbitaceae has many species used as human food.
Lordosis, or saddle back, curvature of the lumbar and cervical regions of the human spine
Thus any mining equipment will either need to be highly automated, or a human presence will be needed nearby.
Tod is a red fox kit, raised as a pet by one of the human hunters who killed his mother and litter mates.
War-Wolf's original human body is unidentified.
The North Africa Journal is a Boston-based magazine focusing exclusively on North African issues, from politics and security to business, finance, industry to politics and human issues.
In March 2017, the Center’s Sarah Labowitz and Casey O’Connor released a report, “Putting the ‘S’ in ESG: Measuring Human Rights Performance for Investors,” which found major gaps in companies’ environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) initiatives.
Meanwhile, Randy Marsh gives a talk to the fourth grade class about human sexual behavior, presenting a ridiculously complicated formula for calculating "adjusted penis size" — or "T.M.I."
However, Gavin White proposes that Ophiuchus may in fact be remotely descended from this Babylonian constellation, representing Nirah, a serpent-god who was sometimes depicted with his upper half human but with serpents for legs.
On 3 September 2004, Atkins and three other death row inmates in Barbados appealed their sentences to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights.
The conference became the first international meeting on a governmental level in which the Soviet Union was accused of human rights violations.
Any rights incorporated through the Transnational Incorporation Doctrine would likely have to be universally afforded to all human beings by the U.S. government.
Shortly after Robert Mugabe's 94th birthday while at the Geneva Summit for Human Rights and Democracy, Mawarire voiced his skepticism on Zimbabwe's 2018 election being free and fair.
Per sex estimation for human skeletons, all of them were adult males, as would be expected in a monastery.
Human newborns are among the most helpless known with orangutang newborns ranking second.
In opinion polls conducted in Serbia during the 2000s by the Belgrade Center for Human Rights and Strategic Marketing Group less than 20 percent of respondents believed that the JNA actually besieged Mostar.
Written by band members Dan Avidan and Brian Wecht, "6969" tells the story of Danny Sexbang and Ninja Brian travelling to the year 6969 assuming that it will be the ultimate peak in sexual activity throughout human history, only to find out that a totalitarian group known as the "Council of Dick Elders" has made sexual intercourse illegal.
In 2002, she was awarded the 8th Annual Heinz Award in the Human Condition.
This tameness results from human willingness to feed these animals.
The Aborigines' Protection Society (APS) was an international human rights organisation founded in 1837, to ensure the health and well-being and the sovereign, legal and religious rights of the indigenous peoples while also promoting the civilisation of the indigenous people  who were subjected under colonial powers, in particular the British Empire.
The Salvadoran attorney general for human rights, David Morales, says this activity may be related to police activity.
The major rock and pillar edicts mention the massive human toll of about 100,000 due to the war.
Turkish Cypriot Human Rights Foundation
Although there is some evidence of reclamation of mined land for use as parks, China does not require extensive reclamation and is creating significant acreages of abandoned mined land, which is unsuitable for agriculture or other human uses, and inhospitable to indigenous wildlife.
I CARE's secretariat states to monitor all contributions in order to be in line with universally recognised human rights standards.
Plato also alludes to a well known event of great destruction, in Statesman (270),  where 'only a small part of the human race survives', presumably also referring to the flood of Deucalion.
NIH/HHS Intragency Committee on Human Nutrition Research (1997)
Between about 9000 and 5000 BC, the Capsian culture made its appearance showing signs to belong to the Neolithic and began influencing the Iberomaurusian, and after about 3000 BC the remains of just one human culture can be found throughout the former region.
In Chicago, the Young Lords' health program was coordinated by Jack Johns, Quentin Young, Ana Lucas, and Alberto and Marta Chavarria who also worked with a Black Panther-led coalition to recruit medical-student organizations like the Medical Committee for Human Rights (MCHR) to advocate for health care for the poor.
The Human Part (Ihmisen osa, 2018)
He published approximately 60 articles on human learning over the course of 20 years.
These components are all biocompatible and biodegradable in the human body, making cationic liposomes a useful gene delivery vector.
However, the search proves fruitless, and Browning allows her to return without incident after conceding that the tragedy is beyond the military's ability to cover-up, or indeed human society's ability to comprehend.
With the advent of human encroachment, however, M. minutus has been forced to live along roadsides and in crop fields.
There is a strong scientific consensus that the Earth is warming and that this warming is mainly caused by human activities.
Serious violations – including corruption, immunity from prosecution, impunity, human trafficking, racism, hate speech and discrimination – are on the rise throughout the continent.
One casualty was Paula Loyd, a member of a Human Terrain System team, who was doused with a flammable liquid and set afire on November 4, 2008, and later died at Brooke Army Medical Center on January 7, 2009.
Since the Book's publishing in 1988, numerous scientific discoveries have eschewed the once clear timeline of human evolution, development and lineage.
In a column for Fox News, Dan Gainor wrote that CMD received $200,000 from the Open Society Institute (OSI), a grantmaking network founded by George Soros, aimed to shape public policy to promote democratic governance, human rights, and economic, legal, and social reform.
The bill reached second reading and was studied by the Committee on Justice and Human Rights but not proceeded with as it was found to overlap with existing provisions.
Usage of the Blue Button logo and brand is free, but must conform to the established usage guidelines set by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Avenue Q is a musical comedy featuring puppets and human actors with music and lyrics by Robert Lopez and Jeff Marx and book by Jeff Whitty.
Subdued lights and sounds of singing add drama to a scene of six human sculptures, based on known individuals from historic Spanish documents.
The sensation of umami is due to the detection of the carboxylate anion of glutamate in specialized receptor cells present on the human and other animal tongues.
He would tend to overlook the simple human feelings, and had arguable hints of sexism, with women being indifferent to him.
It is an attempt to create a truly alien language by violating a key linguistic universal—namely that all human languages have verbs.
He also praised him for illustrating human nature and taking out "souls in the centre of the depth which are caged after protesting for identity against the exterior, violent pressure, and presents it to our verdict".
The series had a huge supporting cast, both human and supernatural - in some issues, Anima herself appeared for only a few pages.
Harvard Business School historian Nancy F. Koehn, writing in The New York Times, described the book as "serious and thoughtful", but also noted that "something is missing" from Rajan's analysis, especially "the role of human agency — of effective leadership, employee engagement, public service on the part of concerned citizens newly anxious to play a part in an increasingly interdependent world".
Protein: Whole Buffalo gourd seeds contain approximately 31% crude protein, which is usable for human consumption and for feed.
Human Rights Campaign’s 2021 Corporate Equality Index (CEI) — Commerce Bank received a score of 90 on the nation’s foremost benchmarking survey and report that measures corporate policies and practices related to LGBTQ workplace equality.
Apuleius later suggested the voice was of a friendly demon and that Socrates deserved this help as he was the most perfect of human beings.
I wanted the sentences to breathe, to have the sound of a human voice."
In robots and other automated machines, a fault in the control computer could cause equipment damage or injuries before a human could react, even if the computer is easily accessed.
These include clinical applications, such as detecting diseases, discovering predispositions to pathologies, establishing a diagnosis and tracking the effectiveness of prescribed treatments, and nonclinical applications, such as preventing the entry of toxins and other pathogenic agents into products intended for human consumption:
Human health issues include methemoglobinemia and anoxia, commonly referred to as blue baby syndrome.
Editing at the K/R site at amino acid position 95 is very high in the human brain.
Poor progress had been made in the area of human resources including lack of adequately qualified staff and lack of post graduate training.
The goal of remediation is to eliminate the environmental pollutant as quickly as possible; only inefficient processes require human intervention.
The three apses are all surmounted by loggias with small columns, each having a human face stretching out from the capital.
Carl Linnaeus, a Swedish physician, labeled five varieties of the human species by their physiognomic characteristics.
 Fred Moore (Australian activist) (1922–2022), Australian workers' and human rights activist and author
This began an interest in human evolution.
He has spoken out in favour of prisoners' right to vote, telling the Edmonton Journal that "[b]eing allowed to vote means you are being treated as a human being and a citizen and that's good from a psychological point of view."
Zatanna manages to change the monster back into the meta human victims and deleting Klarion markings from them.
After her father's death, the vampire gene in her and those linked to her father are destroyed, so she marries Domoto and bears him a son (Domoto Sei) and they become normal human beings.
In a related case, journalist Perihan Mağden was tried and acquitted by a Turkish court for supporting Tarhan and advocating conscientious objection as a human right.
And governments can use a variety of devices, ranging from job creation to manpower training to welfare assistance, to put unemployed labor back to work and cushion human hardship.
His opponents were former Commissioner of Human Resources Jim Martin (D) and Attorney and CPA Allen Buckley (L).
Skeletal muscle provides a fundamental basis for human function, enabling locomotion and respiration.
With Newalone in their hands, scientists quickly begin Project Metal Black, focused on developing at least twenty-thousand human spacecraft capable of wielding the same beam weaponry as the aliens.
Through this lens, and an overview of human and global history, Wright typifies the argument against the views of noted paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould.
Human activities affect marine life and marine habitats through overfishing, pollution, acidification and the introduction of invasive species.
Also, talin-1 drives extravasation mechanism through engineered human microvasculature in microfluidic systems.
In the United States, a Department of Health and Human Services employee claimed that the workers who received Americans from the first evacuation from Wuhan were inadequately trained and equipped.
There were also two Computer vs. Human tournaments played in the Czech Republic, in 2006 and 2011.
A 2012 report by the U.S. Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor also noted a continued global increase in antisemitism, and found that Holocaust denial and opposition to Israeli policy at times was used to promote or justify antisemitism.
3CLpro-1 is an antiviral drug related to rupintrivir which acts as a 3CL protease inhibitor and was originally developed for the treatment of human enterovirus 71.
Lucas said Mayhew was "the closest any human being could be to a Wookiee: big heart, gentle nature and I learnt to always let him win".
In his articles and interviews Drobyshevsky often criticizes the negative impact of scientific myths and pseudoscientific theories of the human origin and evolution on mass consciousness.
A more refined art of figure drawing relies upon the artist possessing a deep understanding of anatomy and the human proportions.
He argues that the existing tension between deontological theories of ethics that focus on "right action" and utilitarian theories that focus on "best results" can be explained by the dual-process organisation of the human mind.
Robert Nye wrote of it in a review for The Guardian, "No American novelist since Faulkner strikes me as having a finer awareness of the possibilities of language as an index to the complications of human behaviour."
It was a very important human experience and I met many of the people I ended up playing with."
The Ndjili provides the main supply of water to Kinshasa, but tends to be polluted with human waste.
 Certificate Course in Human Rights.
They are often biomedical applications (for example spinal study) because of the complexity and large amplitude of the motions needed to reproduce human or animal behaviour.
Advocacy groups such as GLAAD, the National Lesbian and Gay Journalists Association, and the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) encouraged media outlets to refer to Manning by her self-identified name and pronoun.
He is capable to imitate any human form and to appear in dreams.
One study found that the best performing creams reduced wrinkles by less than 10% over 12 weeks, which is not noticeable to the human eye.
In France "arabesque" first appears in 1546, and "was first applied in the latter part of the 17th century" to grotesque ornament, "despite the classical origin of the latter", especially if without human figures in it - a distinction still often made, but not consistently observed,
According to its website, its goals are to "preserve America's Judeo-Christian heritage, defend the religious freedom of Christians, restore time-honored moral and family values, protect the sanctity of human life, and promote a strong national defense and a free and sovereign United States of America."
His disciple Fritz Saxl wrote: "The overriding idea was that the books together—each containing its larger or smaller bit of information and being supplemented by its neighbors—should by their titles guide the student to perceive the essential forces of the human mind and its history."
In April 2014, Sarraff wrote an open letter from his Havana jail, which was published by the Cuban Human Rights Observatory.
She is Distinguished Professor-in-Residence at the School of Medicine at the University of California, Los Angeles; a member of the Scientific Research Council of the Child Mind Institute, and a Senior Research Scientist at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior.
As director of the McGill University and Genome Quebec Innovation Centre, which he established, Hudson and his team have made a number of discoveries in human genetics.
The Wisdom of the World: The Human Experience of the Universe in Western Thought.
It is featured briefly in Half-Life 2, where it acts as the base of operations for Eli Vance, the leader of the human Lambda Resistance against the ruling Combine.
She focused on human rights during the military dictatorship of Chile, and on the Chilean women's resistance.
It took place in the middle of the Great Depression and Dust Bowl of the 1930s and caused catastrophic human suffering and an enormous economic toll.
Perhaps the most obvious is the isolation of minorities, which creates a deficit in the potential for developing human capital.
From the post-impressionism of his first period, dominated by landscapes and local scenes, he later passed on to a study of the human figure.
On June 16, 1998, AHN presented the first human birth carried live over the Internet, from Orlando's Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children.
On a Canadian Wildlife Service assignment in Jasper National Park, he became the first human to study wild wolves from within a wolf pack using habituation, a method of gaining insights into the biology of wolves portrayed in fiction by Farley Mowat's popular book and film, Never Cry Wolf.
March 11, 2004 – National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI) and other scientists find variants in a gene that may predispose people to type 2 diabetes, the most common form of the disease.
The character Hayward in Maugham's Of Human Bondage, an "esthete who is just back from Germany and admires Pater" and influences Philip, the young protagonist, is "obviously based on Ellingham Brooks".
Human rights abuses in Slovakia
The team used assets from Human Revolution as references to create the game's environments, and Michael McCann composed new tracks for the game.
NASA's Science Mission Directorate operates the CLPS program in conjunction with the Human Exploration and Operations and Space Technology Mission Directorates.
There, seeing Plum and Quentin, she follows them until Quentin traps her in a failed attempt at making a magical land, and is able to transform her back into a human.
It is grounded in real scientific theory, is thought-provoking, and relevant to the human condition.
(I) Introduced - a species introduced to Somaliland as a consequence, direct or indirect, of human actions
Mattias Jakobsson from Uppsala University in Sweden analysed genetic material from eight Stone Age human skeletons found in El Portalón Cavern in Atapuerca, northern Spain.
As A. nili shifts its habitats to areas of high human concentration, they also begin to mate and spawn their young in nearby reservoirs, such as dams.
It is a story of Artemis and Auora, the two ancient goddesses who descend to Earth to witness human life.
Her words were meant to challenge members of society who divided their commitment to protecting and cherishing human life, choosing anti-war stances but not anti-abortion work, or  those members of the anti-abortion movement who were in favor of capital punishment.
In psychology, information about necessity may be gleaned by observing changes in behavior when a brain region has been destroyed, either by accident or illness in a human or purposefully in a lab animal.
Over the course of human history/time immemorial, the Witchblade has crossed hands, crossed countries, continents and cultures; but has only ever been wielded by women.
Post-defecation facilities evolved with human civilization, thus, post-defecation cleansing.
N. testaceicornis often use artificial cavities from human constructions to build their nests.
The human genome, for example, was described as a mosaic of alternating low and high GC content isochores belonging to five compositional families, L1, L2, H1, H2, and H3, whose corresponding ranges of GC contents were said to be <38%, 38%-42%, 42%-47%, 47%-52%, and >52%, respectively.
On 15 May 2020, the Amnesty International suggested that American authorities should avoid repressive measures that unduly restrict human rights in the name of "protecting" people from COVID-19.
All parts of the fruit, including the skin, except for the seeds, are suitable for human consumption.
This opera “has no clearly discernible plot but makes its effects through a powerful series of images and inferences,” The opera highlights human cruelty and the resulting armor we all put up.
Greywater differs from water from sewage or blackwater that contains human or animal waste.
There is evidence that the other burial mounds have been explored previously, but no other human remains or burial artefacts have been recorded.
A novel transcript isoform of human IFI16-designated IFI16-β has been also shown to inhibit the AIM2 inflammasome assembly.
In New York, the subject matter of her painting shifted from portraits to industrial architecture exploring relationships between structures, the body and human evolution.
Sid Campbell, a black belt level, tenth dan-ranked in karate, defines hoplology as "the study of the evolution and development of human combative behaviour and performance ... the study of how people fight, why they fight, and how different cultures manifest those behaviours."
He served as deputy coordinator of the Northern Virginia Human Trafficking Task Force during this time.
Consistent with its belief in human free will, the Foursquare Church also teaches that it is possible for a believer to backslide or commit apostasy.
In 2006, Summerskill was appointed a Commissioner on the Britain's new Equality and Human Rights Commission.
She responded that she thought of her characters as "simple human beings", and believed that many writers focused on race too closely.
Filariosen des Menschen (1929) – Human filariasis.
As such, he proves to be a great asset to Xris, keeping both his cyborg and human components in shape.
In 2015, the Slaight Family Foundation (the charitable foundation named after Allan) donated $7 million to support seven Canadian non-governmental organizations: Stephen Lewis Foundation; War Child; Free the Children; Right to Play; Human Rights Watch; Partners in Health Canada; World Vision.
Another object lesson on what money and power can do to a human being."
There is one known case of human envenomation.
Lil Wayne – I Am Not a Human Being II
The Delos Symposion was a forum for discussion and debate over issues of Ekistics, or the study of human settlements, in its widest sense.
 Alexis Jacquemin (1938–2004), economy, 1983 Francqui Prize on Human Sciences
At the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva, 53 countries voiced their support for the national security law, with 27 countries voicing opposition.
When Lauren writes the Sealing Symbol and fires it towards Xandred, it has no effect on Xandred as he emerges with a white patch that represented Dayu's human side that keeps him from drying out and immunizes the Sealing Symbol as well.
This was on account of the ignorance of the majority to recognise that homosexuality is a completely natural condition, part of a range of human sexuality."
The Human Genome Project is the largest scientific project in the history of biology.
Tolokonnikova was recognized as a political prisoner by the Russian human rights group Union of Solidarity with Political Prisoners.
The layout-designs of integrated circuits are creations of the human mind.
What is known about human traits inherited through patients' families can save their lives—that is why gathering a person's complete and accurate medical family history is extremely important even as genetic medicine continues to explain more diseases.
Furthermore, the commission concluded that the Ministry of Justice played a role in protecting those who were responsible for committing human rights violations.
Kannimar is represented as locas, sapta swaram and seven energy centres in the human body.
The perspective suggests a language of "needs" and "entitlements" necessary for human dignity and is based on reason for the pursuit of self-interest or more accurately as enlightened self-interest.
The Adorant from the Geißenklösterle cave is a 35,000-to-40,000-year-old section of mammoth ivory with a depiction of a human figure, found in the Geißenklösterle cave in the Swabian Jura near Blaubeuren, Germany.
If it sounds similar to the way the human brain responds to certain psychedelics, it's no accident—the band's perspective was shaped in no small part by formative experiences with psychotropic drugs.
Possibly, the first study about the power of language may be attributed to the philosopher Empedocles (d. c. 444 BC), whose theories on human knowledge would provide a newfound basis for many future rhetoricians.
Jules Chevalier, the founder of the Chevalier Family, had a vision of a new world emerging and he wanted to make known the Gospel message of God's love and care for all men and women and to evoke a response in every human heart.
He is given the alternate translation of his name, Lampwick, and is voiced by Frankie Darro as a human and Clarence Nash in his donkey form.
In 1760 Edes and Gill printed and published Eddy's Almanak for 1761, containing astronomical positions of the sun, moon and planets for each month of the year, times of the year eclipses would occur, with literature about the planets and their professed influence on the various parts of the human anatomy.
His subjects varied widely: cityscapes of New York and landscapes of the Maine woods and tropical settings; human figures, including city laborers and rural woodsmen, as well as urban sophisticates; Scandinavian farm scenes; floral still lifes.
The Bulgarian cosmonaut program refers to human spaceflight efforts by the People's Republic of Bulgaria.
Lucas admits that, by Gödel's second theorem, a human mind cannot formally prove its own consistency, and even says (perhaps facetiously) that women and politicians are inconsistent.
“an attempt to strip the human figure down to its most elemental, ‘almost simplistic,’ terms, revealing it in all its archaic bodiliness.
“I condemn the assassination of Isaiah Diing Abraham Chan Awol and call on the South Sudan authorities to respect the fundamental right of freedom of expression which is enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The California Department of Social Services (CDSS) is a California state agency for many of the programs defined as part of the social safety net in the United States, and is within the auspices of the California Health and Human Services Agency.
There is debate over whether pushback is the right term as it refers to the international law obligation of non-refoulement which is not the only human rights issue with some of the tactics used by Greece to reject migrants, and in particular pushback "may fail to capture the egregiousness" of the violations.
Lawyers for Mrs Beghal indicated that although she was disappointed with the ruling she welcomed Lord Kerr's "blistering" dissent and indicated that they would pursue the case at the European Court of Human Rights.
President Ronald Reagan issued a statement on Rustin's death, praising his work for civil rights and "for human rights throughout the world".
Badgley declared this to be Thomas' "best album so far ... he is truly a gifted and sensitive storyteller/writer ... [providing] a collection of short stories outlining the vulnerability and failings of the human race".
Retired British diplomat and China expert Roger Garside concludes in his submission to the Conservative Party Human Rights Commission that academic freedom is "inherently compromised by permitting a state agency controlled by the Communist Party of China to establish a teaching  operation in any school or university".
He notes musical harmony as being a product of man, derived from angles, in contrast to a harmony that he refers to as being a phenomenon that interacts with the human soul.
His work is mainly characterised by landscaping (both Mexican and international), urban environment, Art Marine, still life, human body, portraits, abstract and semi-abstract art.
War'''s biggest essay comprises a riposte to reviews of Human Smoke, Baker’s 2008 book on World War II, in which he argues that the case for pacifism is often misunderstood and examines the reputation and effects of various campaigners for pacifism.
Recovering from Stockholm syndrome ordinarily involves "psychiatric or psychological counseling", in which the patient is helped to realize that their actions and feelings stemmed from inherent human survival techniques.
Carefully executed human action is the second half of its effectiveness.
(1979): Geography and Geographers: Anglo-American Human Geography since 1945.
Two sandy mounds 700 meters wide and 300 meters wide have been witness to human development in the flow of Bangal Canal near the city.
Glycophorins A (GYPA; this protein) and B (GYPB) are major sialoglycoproteins of the human erythrocyte membrane which bear the antigenic determinants for the MN and Ss blood groups.
There has been presence of human beings since the Paleolithic.
The first issue came in 1963, an engraved set with 15 values ranging from ½d to one pound, featuring a portrait of Queen Elizabeth overlooking various scenes of human activity in Antarctica.
Marjoe Gortner as Akton, Stella's loyal sidekick, human in appearance but also endowed with considerable mystical powers (including the power to restore people to life).
Researchers have examined the human prevalence of FASP to be 0.33-0.5% by including individuals who have a sleep onset at approximately 8:30pm and offset at 5:30am.
Grand and Arsenal rains forth like a liniment, painting the bald-faced human.
It wants to make triumph the friendship and the peace between the people and to promote the equality and the brotherhood between human beings.
In the U.S., it has become a more controversial topic since 9/11.Free migration is a concept to consider when comparing basic human rights and migration.
Human Factor, 6, 389-412
The Journal of the Bible and Human Transformation 3.1 (September 2013).
Catholic Health Australia says its foundational principles are to service such interests as advocacy and policy development for the "Dignity of the Human Person"; "Service"; the "Common Good"; and "Preference for the Poor and Under-Served".
However, the Ukok Plateau (in the Altai Mountains) is a sacred site to the Altai people, so archeologists and scholars who are looking to excavate the site for human remains raise controversy.
Not set beyond the common, human range;
One culture consists of people who trace their ancestry to Earth and can thus be considered human.
These tiers make the habitat hard to penetrate, providing protection from human disturbance and cover from predators.
The Gauls practiced a form of animism, ascribing human characteristics to lakes, streams, mountains, and other natural features and granting them a quasi-divine status.
According to Young, the lack of harmonic content of the sine waves makes accompanying them with regular instruments and human players extremely difficult.
In April 2007, the Israeli army suspended a commander after the unit he was leading was accused of using Palestinians as human shields in a West Bank operation.
He is the first person to find out that Hong-jo is a cat who can turn into human from time to time.
Grundy later forms an alliance with Oswald, who promises to help find a way to reverse his condition and make him human again.
):  European Yearbook on Human Rights 2014.
As auto-generated multi-document summaries increasingly resemble the overviews written by a human, their use of extracted text snippets may one day face copyright issues in relation to the fair use copyright concept.
In 2007 MGEC initiated the "Direct Assistance to Victims of Human Trafficking Program" with assistance from the International Organization for Migration.
 Post Graduate Diploma in Human Resource Management (PGDHRM)
The main direction of reforms include establishing a new system to manage the civil service, introducing effective technology and modern methods of human resources operations, and increasing the efficiency and professionalism of civil servants.
In a later interview by magazine The New Yorker, Channel One CEO Konstantin Ernst admitted that reporting on the satellite photo was a "simple error", saying that it was a human mistake not made on purpose.
On 15 October 2020, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) adopted a positive opinion, recommending the granting of a marketing authorization for the medicinal product Trixeo Aerosphere (formoterol fumarate dihydrate/glycopyrronium bromide/budesonide), intended for maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in adults whose disease is not adequately controlled.
The outer-outer ḍākinī is a ḍākinī in human form.
In May 2020, Fatma Karume, a human rights activist, said authorities are discouraging people from going to hospitals to avoid overwhelming them, but they are not giving adequate guidance about the virus.
In 2004 Peace Mala was also awarded First Prize in the CEWC-Cymru "Right-On" National Competition to promote Human Rights in Welsh schools.
In "A Good Man Goes to War", he is asked about Amy and Rory's sex life and refers to it as "private human stuff".
Scientists on Earth calling themselves the Enclave created an artificial, perfect human who initially calls himself "Him".
 The Association for Human Rights Reporting Standards (FIHRRST)
According to Freedom House, Nicaragua was among its Largest 10-Year Score Declines list in its Freedom in the World 2017 report, with the human rights organization stating:
During their roundtable discussion with Freedom House the IPHRC emphasised the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the rejection of the Cairo Declaration by the OIC.
 Amaranta Solidarity Foundation promoting the human rights of women in prostitution and victims of sex trafficking worldwide by developing sustainable support programmes in Asia, Africa, Europe and Latin America
Concerns have arisen in regards to 'authorised officers' abusing the rights of the detained immigrants and therefore reinforcing the recommendation for the Bill to be altered and reworded by the Australian Human Rights Commission will be able to ensure that use of force used in immigration facilities is managed and acted out appropriately.
FIACAT also works in close collaboration with other non-governmental organisations for the defence of human rights as well as the Churches and religious congregations.
One of the interviewees is Claudia Keyworth, an advocate of 'Bio-Energetic medicine' who believes that healing is best accomplished using the "energy field of the human body".
Ahmed's early works resembled geometrical forms made by stones and concrete and anthropomorphic forms - mixing the human figure and animals.
It is human to avoid ambiguous knowledge - to assume things are knowable when they are not.
A 2017 survey that included Messianic Jews “found that 21 percent of Jewish millennials believe Jesus was ‘God in human form who lived among people in the 1st century.’” An additional question on faith in the survey found that 14% of participants identified with Christianity, and 10% believed in a hybrid of Christian and Jewish beliefs.
During this time period she was also the editor of the monthly periodical Ekistics: The Problems and Science of Human Settlements of Ekistics in Athens, Greece (1966–1977) and a consultant to the United Nations for Indonesia, The Philippines and Brazil (1970–1977).
According to the Human Development Index, in 2011, Afghanistan was the 15th least developed country in the world.
During the Nazi occupation of Hungary he saved human lives.
Descriptions of the episode describe Gair's notability for her ability to "...make people disappear by painting them right into a background or paint clothing on a human body that is virtually undistinguishable from actual fabric!"
The walker turns and approaches him, and, even though he knew that it was not human, still found it emotionally difficult to kill it.
Some cases can present with purpura and in one such case, the organisms were present in such overwhelming numbers that in 1991, Dr. Aileen Marty of the AFIP was able to demonstrate the bacteria in human tissues using standard stains, and later proved that the organisms were indeed Ehrlichia using immunoperoxidase stains.
He takes to many human customs and culture such as a fist bump and was glad to see Anne for the first time after Marcy told him all about her and proceeded to give the Plantars his royal credit card.
The Canadian Museum of History originated from human history branch of the museum, initially incorporated as the National Museum of Man.
In his review for The Guardian, David Peschek described the album as "a trove of bewitching melody and subtle invention", and wrote that "Rounds succeeds not only as a meticulously conceived piece of art but also as a moving expression of human warmth."
Bagheera reveals to Mowgli that he is human, but Mowgli is determined to complete 'the Running', the test to earn full membership in the pack.
Being made mainly of water, a human being would die in a matter of days without it.
It is long and narrow, with a length of 1.2 km and a width of 0.2 m. It is a refuge for a variety of marine birds, who thrive undisturbed by human presence.
Edwards syndrome occurs in all human populations, but is more prevalent in female offspring.
In the brief fight, the Wraith is unable to see Carlie as technology has been hacked by the Goblin King to render any goblin undetectable, Sajani completes the cure as the Wraith restrains Carlie long enough for Sajani to inject the cure into her to change back into human form, with Carlie falling unconscious afterwards.
In 1996, he resigned as head of Yeltsin's presidential human rights commission, having published an open letter to Yeltsin, where Kovalyov accused the president of giving up democratic principles.
He tells a "very human story" set in a "brilliantly realised" Iran in the near future.
Stylized and geometric floral patterns became more common than the animal and human figures of earlier tableware and the quality of lead glaze was dramatically improved over the coarse and non-durable, soft tableware of previous centuries.
The crest of the arms of the Isle of Ely County Council  was a human hand grasping a trident around which an eel was entwined; on the wrist of the hand was a Wake knot, representing Hereward the Wake.
In 1930 the U.S. Congress authorized this place of human history and natural beauty as a park.
For instance, for an exposure of 1 roentgen by gamma rays with an energy of 1 MeV, the dose in air will be 0.877 rad, the dose in water will be 0.975 rad, the dose in silicon will be 0.877 rad, and the dose in averaged human tissue will be 1 rad.
He cited Clifford L. Burdick's testimony that some of the Paluxy River dinosaur trackways overlapped human footprints, but Burdick failed to confirm this and the section was removed from the third edition.
The accumulation of this human data allowed him to observe the correlation between forearm length and height, head width and head breadth, and head length and height.
"I'm interested in Human rights, particularly in Women's rights.
He has served on the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom, and Board of Directors of Human Rights Watch.
I believe that the human person has a right to free development, especially in the modern world.
In 2011, it signed the "joint statement on ending acts of violence and related human rights violations based on sexual orientation and gender identity" at the United Nations, condemning violence and discrimination against LGBT people.
The UN's first major conference on international environmental issues, the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment (also known as the Stockholm Conference), was held on 5–16 June 1972.
Its mission is to raise awareness of local grassroots human rights issues and events and profile the people and the organizations advocating or educating to  make a difference.
Dialogue generally, and intercultural dialogue specifically, have been discussed at multiple conferences, and served as the topic of consideration by many organizations over the past few years, becoming a key term and a "preferred form for human action," and Carbaugh specifically lists this CID as one such effort.
Rather, they point to the embodiment of the living Word in human culture and social settings in such a way that its divine nature and power are not lost.
The time between the injection of the parasite into the human and the development of the first symptoms of malaria is its intrinsic incubation period.
New Zealand does not consider a discrete convention on older people’s rights and ageing is required given the current protections available within the existing soft and hard law human rights instruments.
During the Twilight, all human responses were futile.
Liu is a supporter of marriage equality for same-sex marriage, and became a spokeswoman for the Human Rights Campaign in 2011.
Beyond this context, some have identified a larger meditation on the human condition.
When this information was published in 2011, Almerindo Ojeda, the director of the Center for the Study of Human Rights in the Americas, made the connection to the deaths of three detainees on June 10, 2006, at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp.
Furthermore, he shows no remorse when an innocent human bystander like Sakura gets caught up in their battle, even though saying he would get punished for an innocent's death.
Socio-technical systems, such as transport, utilities and their related infrastructures comprise human elements as well as artifacts.
The Red Lady of Paviland, a human skeleton dyed in red ochre, was discovered in 1823 in one of the Paviland limestone caves of the Gower Peninsula in Swansea, South Wales.
The Buryat flower contest has a variant that involves Maidari-Burkhan (Maitreya Buddha) and Shibegeni-Burkhan (Shakyamuni), in which the contention is over which god will give life to the first human, and a variant with indigenous gods.
2 #41 (June 1980), The Defenders #98 (Aug. 1981), and Peter Parker: Spider-Man Annual '99,  and even to his human form, as in Adventure into Fear #13 (April 1973), Marvel Two-in-One #1 (Jan. 1974), Marvel Comics Presents #164 (Oct. 1994), and Man-Thing vol.
While a clonal human blastocyst has been created, stem cell lines are yet to be isolated from a clonal source.
Laws and invariants of human cognition.
According to Human Rights Watch: "This not only violated the laws-of-war prohibition against placing civilians at particular risk by treating a number of separate and distinct military objectives as a single military target, but possibly also the prohibition against making threats of violence whose purpose is to instill terror in the civilian population."
In addition, certain human pathogens may proliferate when in-pack atmosphere contains high humidity and low .
McKinstry believed that the Mindpixel database could be used in conjunction with a neural net to produce a body of human "common sense" knowledge which would have market value.
Epigenetic changes occur not only in the developing fetus, but also in individuals throughout the human life-span.
The Independent described how bleak conditions would be at the Florence Supermax, confinement to a featureless cell, for 23 hours a day, practically no human contact, exercise periods in a small featureless courtyard, near their cell.
Juan Lobón embodied many of Berenguer's ideals: a primitive man, strong, free, honest, funny and generous; who, acting as if still in the hunter-gatherer era of human development, confronts the landowners and the civil authorities, convinced that nobody has the right to enclose the land and that wild animals and birds exist to provide food for the hunter.
He states all human activity is learning, and that everything people do involves a process of learning.
Majid Tavakoli, prominent Iranian student leader, human rights activist and political prisoner
The first tour The Human Abstract embarked on in promotion of Digital Veil was the Atticus Metal Tour III sponsored by Atticus Clothing.
These breeds are associated with high latitudes – the Siberian Husky and Greenland Dog, also associated with arctic human populations and to a lesser extent, the Shar-Pei and Finnish Spitz.
These parts are exactly 100/16384 cents (approximately 0.0061 cents) in size, which is far below the threshold of human pitch perception and which therefore allows a very accurate representation of pitch.
The pair's hangings were also confirmed by Amnesty International in its 1998 execution report and 1999 annual human rights report.
Rapidly shifting perspectives and deft dialogue expose minds as frighteningly real as growly gangsta rap and as unexpectedly compassionate as unconditional animal love, pivoting on Old Norse gods—or are they constructs of genetic breeding tanks?—who watch but cannot change the weaving of human fate."
She has served as a moderator at the Oslo Freedom Forum Human Rights conferences since 2016.
1948   – In Jeju Province, South Korea, a civil-war-like period of violence and human rights abuses begins, known as the Jeju uprising.
His argument was that a certain kind of action – collective ritual action – could establish simultaneously totemism, law, exogamy and kinship in addition to distinctively human language and thought.
A member of the TIMP family, TIMP3, has been observed progressively downregulated in Human papillomavirus-positive neoplastic keratinocytes derived from uterine cervical  preneoplastic lesions at different levels of malignancy.
The Genographic Project, launched on 13 April 2005 by the National Geographic Society, was a genetic anthropological study (sales discontinued 31 May 2019) that aimed to map historical human migration patterns by collecting and analyzing DNA samples.
Kyrgyzstan ranked 125th in the Human Development Index in 2013.
Meanwhile, the breakthroughs in neuronal structure and physiology (the five most important listed above), evidenced a physical and biological nature of human functioning that can serve as the basis for scientific experiments in studying behavior.
The protein is around 60% identical to human alpha interferons, but the Ueda team deemed it an "omega-type" interferon due to some motifs.
In the human it is located in parts of the lingual gyrus, the cuneus, the lateral occipital gyrus (H) and the superior occipital gyrus (H) of the occipital lobe where it is bounded approximately by the parieto-occipital sulcus.
"Mont Blanc" concerns the human mind and its ability to comprehend truth.
The story opens with Russell Tymball, a nationalist Earthman, gaining possession of a Lhasinuic dispatch ordering the evacuation of Earth's human population and the planet's destruction.
Activists like Howard Garrett of the Whidbey Island, Washington-based Orca Network also argued against rescuing Springer, and favored the federal government authorizing a "Social Approach," the introduction of regular human companionship for the orca, to put divers in the water with her to address the orca's social needs until she left Puget Sound on her own.
Human rights organizations have expressed concern about the legal impunity of perpetrators of crimes against women, with such crimes being often ignored by authorities.
Later, he finds out that the deal involves living the lives of every single human being, to move on to the afterlife.
He develops new statistical and algorithmic methods to explore the molecular function and evolution of the human genome, integrating cross-species comparative and high-throughput genomics data to study gene structure, function, and regulation.
Among the guests were Robert De Niro and the German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle and various human rights defenders as the mother and the sister of Mohamed Bouazizi, whose self-immolation brought about the Arab Spring.
In 2009 Frith and her husband jointly received the European Latsis Prize for their contribution to understanding the human mind and brain.
The report entitled the 'White Goose Flying' report enacts on the Truth and Reconciliation Commission's (TRC) agreement to begin dialog to redress the abuses of former residential school students; as well as acknowledge the inter-generational traumas of the human rights abuses suffered by aboriginals.
Along with Kate's newfound intelligence comes a confusing desire to exterminate every human on the planet, starting with her ex-boyfriend.
Thus, the world is not specifically meant for human use and should be shared equally amongst all creatures (Epstein 1990).
There was evidence of human cave-dwellings around 15,000–6,000 years ago.
Christian doctrines, ideologies and beliefs have influenced the manner in which human interactions with land, soil, and plants are manifested, both as a historical interplay between Christianity and land, and more contemporary movements where diverse sets of biblical readings, theological interpretations and Christian ethics are manifested in Christian approaches to food production.
The hedgehog's dilemma, or sometimes the porcupine dilemma, is a metaphor about the challenges of human intimacy.
In Lordaeron, the Blood Elves are in an uneasy alliance with Garithos, the racist human commander of the remaining Alliance forces.
The large colony in the Desertas Islands suffers intense human exploitation for food or fish bait, which also occurs at a lower level in other North East Atlantic sites, although not in the Salvage Islands following the declaration of the islands as a nature reserve.
Since the river is used as a municipal water supply, there is no human contact allowed at either of the Otay Reservoirs.
Under the Human Life Protection Act, a doctor who performs a banned abortion in the state of Alabama would be guilty of a Class A felony, and could be sentenced to life imprisonment.
Genuis bases his analysis in human rights and a criticism of the so-called "self-identified experts".
In April 2014, Badu came under fire by the US-based Human Rights Foundation, for performing at the birthday celebration of King Mswati III, ruler and monarch of Eswatini (formerly known as Swaziland).
1974 - ICM statement of 1974 General Assembly which is 'The Creation Of new Society Truly Human and Fraternal, Just and Free".
Faulkner founded Epic Systems in 1979, with the original name of Human Services Computing.
The US-based Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights called on the President of Chad not to enact the changes to the law, which is linked to a rise in homophobia in Africa in response to the increased visibility and assertiveness of gay lifestyles and politics in Africa, and the engagement of fundamentalist christians.
Alexander is interested in human behavior, conflicts in history, cultural memories of abuse and the lack of global interference during apartheid.
The human pVHL is mutated in von Hippel–Lindau hereditary disease, and in majority of sporadic clear cell renal carcinomas.
The Human Rights Campaign, a national organization promoting equality for homosexuals, contributed $34,900 to oppose the Texas measure.
This book is a mysterious fiction based on the friendship between an angel and a human and he has plans to finish it in various parts.
With the introduction of genetics, eugenics became associated with genetic determinism, the belief that human character is entirely or in the majority caused by genes, unaffected by education or living conditions.
The main ethical question in the debate about human enhancement involves which legal restrictions, if any, should exist.
Lertcharnrit wrote the first book in the Thai language on cultural resource management, and translated the first book on human evolution.
While several of Puleston's contemporaries were concerned with human interactions with nature -- cultural ecology, Dennis's approach was novel in its ability to juxtapose the micro and macro perspectives of these environments into one coherent argument.
By awarding the Rafto Prize, the Rafto Foundation for Human Rights seeks to bring attention to independent voices that due to oppressive and corrupt regimes are not always heard.
The gene is expressed in most nonlymphoid human tissues including prostate, lung, liver, and colon.
Human trafficking is not just a problem in the Asian region, it appears to grow as a black market sector in areas that suffer from poverty, yet are also affected by globalisation, meaning many areas of the world are being affected by a rise in the trade.
One key source of just such a pattern of facts is expressed in Scheler’s descriptive mapping of human emotional life (the “Stratification of Emotional Life”) as articulated in his seminal 1913–1916 work, Formalism in Ethics and Non-Formal Ethics of Values.
This understanding counters the notion that human history is simply a series of accidents, either without any underlying cause or caused by supernatural beings or forces exerting their will on society.
When creating the costumes for the musical Cats, designer John Napier followed the hints in T. S. Eliot's text, blending together the cat and human elements, while ensuring that the costumes were naturally flexible and easy to move in.
The Film Daily felt the film was worth watching, calling it a "Neat little human interest story", they rated the cinematography A-1, and said the direction was first rate.
CHR- Certificate in Human Rights.
The human body becomes a part of the circuit and determines the range of sounds possible, thus different people shall generate different results.
AZE members work to rebuild populations of endangered and critically endangered species through efforts to eliminate human threats such as commercial exploitation, disease and the introduction of invasive species.
The United States State Department human rights reports have been reporting anti-Semitism with more frequency, which Rosenthal has been praised, and she said that "our reporting has improved many times over — 300 percent in the three years I’ve been here."
Following the multi-platinum success of their previous album Something Like Human, Fuel had some setbacks to overcome before they could begin recording the album that became Natural Selection.
The Jewish-Christian sect of the Elcesaites also taught (about the year 100) that Jesus appeared on earth in changing human forms, and that He will reappear.
In cases where the choice is between the threat of death or serious injury and deliberately taking an innocent life, a reasonable man might reflect that one innocent human life is at least as valuable as his own or that of his loved one.
Containing about twenty bodies in total, each exhibition uses real human bodies that have been preserved permanently by a process called "polymer preservation" (commonly referred to as "plastination") so that they will not decay.
 Predicting human behavior to anticipate and account for what people will do, and by doing so, prevents litigation.
Saki looks into the chemistry club, which the former operative was investigating before her death, and is forced to struggle to save two suicide bombers, Amaki and Higashiyama, who try to use Tae as a human shield.
Of particular importance are the safeguards for the less visible - and thus more vulnerable - institutions, such as public prosecutors, human rights commissions, the independence of the judiciary and public service, Freedom of Information (FOI), ombudsmen and other "watchdogs" which provide the checks and balances vital to democracy.
Jo Jo, The Human Hot Plate — a quick cutaway to performance artist Robert Delford Brown, smiling, undulating and dressed only in a pair of briefs while holding canned spaghetti in his cupped hands.
They based their approach to poetry on Olson's 1950 essay Projective Verse, in which he called for a form based on the line, a line based on human breath and a mode of writing based on perceptions juxtaposed so that one perception leads directly to another.
Despite producer Louis B. Mayer's personal enthusiasm for the picture, his studio deleted 30 minutes from the movie, mostly essential human interest sequences and only preserving the abundant documentary scenes.
Praising the character, Richard Schickel suggests that Chaplin's films with the Tramp contain the most "eloquent, richly comedic expressions of the human spirit" in movie history.
The show featured a combination of 3D printing and animation created by the Human team.
In human form, Ichiro uses a trumpet to announce his presence.
There has been particular interest in dating the divergence of the human parasite P. falciparum from other Plasmodium lineages due to its medical importance.
In the House, she is a member of the Committee for Agriculture, Nature and Food Quality, and she is her party's spokesperson for cattle farming, agriculture, zoonoses, the human impact on the nitrogen cycle, the Netherlands Food and Consumer Product Safety Authority, pesticides, animal rights, food, nature, biodiversity, and wild animals.
IL11RA is its human gene.
But there was "a large gap" between that and the work of most political scientists, and it was too early to attempt to apply sociobiology directly to human social issues in practice.
The charter guaranteed respect for universal standards of human rights to all subjects of the law.
Bodenheimer sees this "mistakenness" as purposeful: "In its every situation, whether industrial politics or emotional life, traditional views and stances break down into confusing new ones, which are rendered in all the pain of mistakenness and conflict that real human change entails".
 Human Wars (with Pencils: Paco Medina, Adrian Sibar; Inks: Juan Vlasco, Norman Lee, Christopher Ivy, 2001)
On April 23, 2019, the West Virginia University Rockefeller Neuroscience Institute announced the opening of its new Innovation Center that is a dedicated building focused on the use of advanced technology for rapid applied human research in Neuromodulation, Virtual Reality and Neuroscience Predictive Data Analytics.
Horse burials are part of the Pazyryk burials, where lavishly decked-out horses were killed and sometimes buried in chambers separate from those containing human remains.
These recently classified metabolites are distinguished from the many other dihydroxy-PUFA with three conjugated double bonds that do not have this critical E,Z,E configuration: they inhibit the function of platelets and therefore may be involved in controlling and prove useful for inhibiting human diseases which involve the pathological activation of these blood-borne elements.
This test strongly suggests that human logic is based on a module originally developed in a social environment to root out cheaters, and that either the module is at a huge disadvantage where abstract thinking is involved, or that other less effective modules are used when faced with abstract logic.
"'Like a human bird feeder': Readers share Little Free Library tales".
The human activity that surrounds aircraft is called aviation.
Similarities between the discoveries of 6Q0B44E and J002E3, now believed to be part of the Apollo 12 rocket, have led some astronomers to speculate that 6Q0B44E may be another relic of human space exploration which has returned to Earth orbit.
This bamboo pole was only erected after the tribe chief had collected a certain number of human heads (Schnitger, 1938, p. 41).
At bottom, it has a place in the public or state sector because, as an aspect of human experience, it is also the study of people – of what they believe, why they believe and act as they do, both individually and within society.
While working in John O’Brien's lab in the Department of Neurosciences, School of Medicine, UCSD, with funding support from NIH, Patton began extensive work analyzing the nature of human milk, with special emphasis on its mucins.
This was in response to the human rights violations they had conducted during the 2009–2010 Iranian election protests.
D. fragilis is one of the smaller parasites that are able to live in the human intestine.
While central banks "averted tremendous human suffering", he argues that they have failed to generate what the Western world really needs—"the combination of high, durable and inclusive growth together with genuine financial stability".
The film ran into controversy in Kuantan, Malaysia, where its October screening by human rights non-governmental organisation Pusat Komas under its annual FreedomFilmFest was cancelled after Putrajaya was alleged to have pressured the owner of the Kuantan venue that would have hosted the viewing.
 December 10 — The Society for Human Rights (SHR), the first LGBT rights organization in the United States, is founded by Henry Gerber and chartered by the state of Illinois.
Inside the building near the shrine, and, on the left hand as one faces it, is a remarkable human head in high relief standing out from the base of the span of an arch.
Homer describes Circe as "a dreadful goddess with lovely hair and human speech".
Based on a real incidence, the film narrates a story of a cannibal woman who is addicted to eats human flesh, how she victimised the inhabitants with her face covered in a veil.
A major theme of Body of Work is the reactions of Montross and her student colleagues to their first dissection of a human corpse, which they nickname "Eve".
It is speculated that another super human tribe called the Gandharvas were originally inhabitants of the Gandhara kingdom.
In her latest work, Dr. Bansil, in collaboration with her former graduate student Jonathan Celli and a team of nine other researchers, has succeeded in explaining the process through which the H. pylori bacterium is able to penetrate the mucous lining of the human stomach, a source of ulcers and even cancer.
Although death is severe and irrevocable, the Court could not say that death was always disproportionate to the crime of deliberately taking human life.
Being in the image of a woman, she is associated with sexuality and procreation, fertility and growth, not only of human beings, but also of the vegetation and the crops.
1985) – human rights strategist and labor organizer; recipient of the 2017 MacArthur Fellowship
According to the theology of Twelvers, the Twelve Imams are exemplary human individuals who not only rule over the community with justice, but are also able to preserve and interpret sharia and the esoteric meaning of the Quran.
See Maya Angelou said that we, we as human beings, at our best can only create opportunities, and I'm going to use this opportunity the way I want to use it.
Then for some time, he practiced abstract art, but then felt the need to draw human bodies again, especially female ones because he felt it allowed him better expression.
Suffering results from either (a) "'moral' evil, due to human volition" or (b) "'physical' evil, directly due to nature."
Good later took his case to the African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights.
He also reminded the audience that some delegations had said that democracy, human rights and peace and security must be a part of the sustainable development agenda; and that some also spoke of empower of women, youth, indigenous and disabled.
Billy-Bob (voiced by Ed Gilbert): A human Kerium prospector.
A fragmentary bird effigy bowl and a human effigy ceramic pipe were found at the burial mound by children from the school.
 Management functions or human resources;
One bench is carved on its back with wild boars, and figures having human faces but animal bodies.
Glycation processes that lead to AGEs particularly affect long-lived proteins in the human body, such as collagen in the skin and crystallin in the eyes.
In 1996, she was hired by Pixar after submitting her short feature reel entitled The Eclipse without submitting her resume; her reel focused on human relationships.
Principles that are not present in sensory impressions can be recognised in human perception and consciousness: logical inferences, categories of thought, the principle of causality and the principle of purpose (teleology).
"Got It Goin' On" delivered Human Nature its first ARIA Award for “Best New Talent” at the 1996 awards.
The book which was intended to deepen understanding of psychology and the human sciences, the shift to consumer society, techniques of communication, to increase the reader's ability to recognize true values and to resist manipulation all sorts.
The secretary heads the Department of Labor and Human Resources.
Under the stewardship of Father Faustino Pardo LC, opened in the following years: Psychology and Human Sciences in 1965, Architecture and Law in 1966.
On October 6, 2017, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services issued a new rule with an updated religious exemption that protected religious nonprofit organizations.
The Department of Health Systems Science (HSS), defined at the school as the science of how human relationships, operating in social networks, produce health, teach students about systemic factors within and beyond clinical care that affect health.
Tuvalu has commitments to ensuring human rights are respected under the Universal periodic Review (UPR), the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Te Kakeega III - National Strategy for Sustainable Development-2016-2020 (TK III), which sets out the development agenda of the Government of Tuvalu.
There are also stresses that come from the absence of elements such as human contact, a sense of achievement, constructive creative outlets, and occasions or circumstances that will naturally elicit positive emotions.
David Levy, the artificial intelligence researcher in University of Maastricht contains the forecast of robot and human relationship in his thesis, "Intimate Relationships with Artificial Partners".
Other depowered heroes, such as Rex Mason, formerly Metamorpho, see this as a turn for the better now that they are human again.
The biggest population increases in human history occurred during the 20th century due to the decreasing mortality rate in many countries due to medical advances.
"Amai Rose, a Zimbabwean housewife and businesswoman, Phuti Ragophala, a dedicated school principal in one of South Africa’s poorest communities, and Njoki Ndung’u, a human rights attorney and member of Kenya’s parliament, tell their individual stories, reflecting upon their own achievements and failures as well as needed initiatives for women and children in their respective societies".
Gebser's major thesis was that human consciousness is in transition, and that these transitions are "mutations" and not continuous.
M'jid has served as a member of the Moroccan National Council on Human Rights and the Board of the African Child Policy Forum.
Merlyn uses this event to teach Arthur of the value of human lives.
Violent protests and assassinations threaten to unravel the fragile trust between the refugees and their human hosts, so Gwen and Basil follow the assassins--back in time to the 1980s, where Gwen's parents are still adjusting to raising newborn Gwennie.
Here, Chil tells them Mowgli has been taken to the 'Cold Lairs', an abandoned human city, and they set off to rescue him.
On the hood of the two-wheeled chariot, there is a human figure standing with his arms wide open, and in his hand a whip-shaped object.
Special interest lies on hypothetical future events that have the potential to damage human well-being on a global scale - global catastrophic risks.
The decision to withdraw the book was criticized by anti-censorship activists like the National Coalition Against Censorship (NCAC) and the PEN American Center, which released a statement saying that "Those who value free speech as an essential human right and a necessary precondition for social change should be alarmed whenever books are removed from circulation because they are controversial".
Mediumship is the practice of purportedly mediating communication between spirits of the dead and living human beings.
The sword can be shrunk to human size for the Kakurangers to use in desperate situations.
An unusual feature of the human MT-ND4 gene is the 7-nucleotide gene overlap of its first three codons (5'-ATG CTA AAA-3' coding for amino acids Met-Leu-Lys) with the last three codons of the MT-ND4L gene (5'-CAA TGC TAA-3' coding for Gln, Cys and Stop).
Improvements in handling human cases have been made in the past several decades.
This idea may be traced back to the ancient shamanic beliefs of the king being the axle between the sky, human beings, and the Earth.
In regard to U.S. interests, the U.S. delegation made it clear that "improved human rights conditions, including freedom of expression and assembly", remain a central element of U.S. policy in normalizing U.S.–Cuban relations.
The ranking methodology initially used a combined human voter and computer ranking process before moving exclusively to a computer ranking for the 2018–19 season, a development that eliminated the preseason ranking.
Jens Galschiøt (born 1954) political sculptor, often highlighting violation of human rights through his art.
He aims to refute views like those of Peter Singer, who suggests that we deny that it is always wrong to intentionally kill innocent human beings.
In his "Letter to Beaumont", Rousseau wrote, "there is no original perversity in the human heart."
Meanwhile, viewers outside the tent observed flimsy shadows of deformed human shapes that floated on the red vinyl sheets.
AP0 is defined as the smallest set of primaries that encloses the whole CIE 1964 standard-observer spectral locus; thus theoretically including, and exceeding, all the color stimuli that can be seen by the average human eye.
Furthermore, he attacked the composition on naturalistic grounds, contrasting the carefully studied human anatomy of the restored figures with the unconvincing portrayal of the snakes:
In December 2016 Russian President Vladimir Putin presented her with another national award for outstanding achievements in charity and human rights activities.
is a professional wrestling video game series originating from Japan, started in 1989 by Human Entertainment, and currently developed and owned by Spike Chunsoft.
Taylor, Daniel C. Taylor, Carl E., Taylor, Jesse O. Empowerment On An Unstable Planet: From Seeds of Human Energy to a Scale of Global Change (New York: Oxford University Press, 2012)
After escaping from police custody, Huntress and the Question discovered that Vandal Savage is behind the human trafficking network they had been trying to shut down.
It would appear that medicine murder in the 18th and 19th centuries may have been considered the legitimate domain of traditional chiefs and leaders, in order to improve agriculture and protect against war (see Human sacrifice).
Paul Haeberlin (17 February 1878, in Kesswil – 29 September 1960, in Basel) was a Swiss philosopher who at different times in his career took the standpoint that either religion or theoretical knowledge was the answer to human problems.
Unlike Atom however, his abilities stemmed from a different spectrum of the field granting him different powers from Nathaniel, aside from the augmented physicality also lacking the capability to switch between human and energy being forms at will.
They also created an estimate of "quality of human conditions" for each nation based on gross national product per capita, adult literacy rate, fraction of the population to enroll in secondary education, life expectancy, and rate of democratization.
Interpretivism (anti-positivism) developed among researchers dissatisfied with post-positivism, the theories of which they considered too general and ill-suited to reflect the nuance and variability found in human interaction.
Professor of Human Geography, University of Exeter
Human language has evolved to suit this practice by facilitating grammatical comparison, with comparative forms enabling a person to describe a thing as having more or less of a characteristic than another thing, or to describe a thing in a group as having the most or least of that characteristic relative to the group.
Malaysian law prohibits all forms of human trafficking through its 2007 anti-trafficking law, which prescribes penalties that are commensurate with those of other serious offences, such as rape.
The Constitution of India declared they are Scheduled castes and scheduled tribes and Human Right activists say they are Dalit.
This stands in contrast to the mere "tolerant acceptance of human company" based around "comforts" that multiple other breeds display.
The archaeological collections document all aspects of human life in Bosnia and Herzegovina from the Old Stone Age to the late Middle Ages.
Traditionally, the Memorial Human Rights Centre releases its latest list of prisoners of conscience and political prisoners on or around 30 October each year.
As of 19 November 2019, the International Federation for Human Rights issued a statement that "stoning for adultery" was still "stipulated in law" in Iran; that "several persons are still on death-row" with a sentence of stoning, and that "in 2018, two women were sentenced to stoning".
In Human guinea pigs Dr. Maurice Henry Pappworth criticises Prof. Sherlock.
A prehistoric human habitation site was found at Los Osos Back Bay in the Los Osos Valley, of ancient Chumash tribe.
Drawing on the historic anthropological relationship between breastfeeding and infant sleep, breastsleeping is considered to be the safest form of bedsharing, practiced worldwide for all of human history.
Under the aegis of The Institute of Human resources Development, Trivandrum,  Higher Secondary Level studies (Stds XI and XII) are functioning in the school.
Human Computing Resources initially focused on information technology consulting and contract programming jobs.
Former Indian Army Chief General V. K. Singh rejected the accusations that the action was not taken in the cases of human rights violations by Army personnel.
It is the aim that all students will become worthwhile contributors to the development of themselves and the whole human race.
Federal reviewers with United Network for Organ Sharing concluded human error at fault for the oversight and corrective plans that included multiple redundancies were instituted with oversight from the Pennsylvania Department of Health.
He was involved in the murder of human rights activist Munir Said Thalib with arsenic on 7 September 2004.
During the Rangers' final battle with Evox, Steel sacrificed himself to stop him, but the Morphin Grid later revived him as a human, who became an actor following the virus' defeat.
That's clearly a stretch, but the Jell-O EEG readings do look pretty similar to a normal human alpha rhythm.
On leaving Strasbourg and Brussels in 1999 he became the Chief Executive of Human Rights NGO INDICT where he remained until his election to the House of Commons.
In the 20th century, biologists  became interested in how organisms other than human beings function, eventually spawning the fields of comparative physiology and ecophysiology.
Many of Camp Morton's prisoners were grateful for the human treatment they received under Owen's leadership.
Since 1994, Kovalyov, then Yeltsin's human rights adviser, has been publicly opposed to Russia's military involvement in Chechnya.
The idol of Lord Rama in the west facing shrine is a swayambhu (self-born) image, that means no human intervention has ever taken place.
The paintings, which depict cattle, human figures, stools, gourds, a bird, and an arrow, among other symbols, were supposedly executed during important occasions such as funerals.
 Vandenberg et al 1968, Progress in Human Behavior Genetics: Recent Reports on Genetic Syndromes, Twin Studies, and Statistical Advances
A turnstile can be configured to enforce one-way human traffic.
He was acquitted of killing Mayhew, since only human hair and no semen was found on her body, and the results of a DNA analysis of said hair being inconclusive.
The extensive human migration and degradation of natural resources within the Volta-basin area, are the products of poverty in conjunction with population pressure.
Dominance is less stable than prestige in human and other primate species as followers can resist and coordinate to reduce or suppress the dominant leader's power.
Attention is paid to unique characteristics of a particular region such as its natural elements, human elements, and regionalization which covers the techniques of delineating space into regions.
 to describe patterns of human bodily practice as rites and ceremonies, music and dance, sports and exercises, play and game, beyond ideas and weltanschauung :de:Weltanschauung;
The CTH is formed of 11 Federations and has three national commissions on women, human rights, and youth:
Osric reveals one dragon escaped Bowen's wrath, fled to the East, and sought revenge before the noble dragons stopped him and cursed him to live as a human as punishment.
 List of human leukocyte antigen alleles associated with cutaneous conditions
Columbias crew performed a series of experiments to gain knowledge on how the human body adapts to the weightless environment of space.
The armor transformed Tomas into a blend of human and Valheru and gave him the memories and abilities of Ashen-Shugar, the Valheru to whom it once belonged.
Over 1,000 invasive species have entered the Mediterranean Sea through the Suez Canal since its original construction in the mid-19th century, with human activities becoming a leading cause of the decline of the sea's biodiversity, according to the European Commission's Joint Research Centre.
"I think that situation, where 60,000 children a year are forcibly denied any kind of equal parenting time with their fathers, is one of the worst state-enforced abuses of human rights in Canada today," he told the committee.
During the war years, 1914–18, Benešová completed two books of short stories, Mice and Cruel Youth, and set to work on her largest literary work, the two-part novel A Human Being.
She found that human oocytes have a surprisingly slow and error-prone mechanism for assembling the meiotic spindle, increasing the likelihood of segregation errors.
Now Col Amirullah Marwat is the chairman National commission for Human Development since January 2019.
Banquine: Fifteen artists performed banquine, involving human pyramids and aerial crossovers.
In an interview he said that he  did not like being called a Muslim, which to him was like being called a "cruel, wild beast", he added that he was very much a Muslim, but if that placed him in that same category as the Taliban he would rather identify himself as a human.
Her term at the Commission coincided with former Irish President Mary Robinson's term as United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
The excessive use and excretion of antibiotics to waterways makes the problem of antimicrobial resistance worse and will gradually affect the human population, possibly causing more deaths.
The 1994 Studio Ghibli film Pom Poko features a group of tanuki who use their shapeshifting powers to defend their habitat against human developers.
A rapporteur for the UN argued that "three strikes" laws that deprive alleged copyright infringers of Internet access violate human rights.
Article 1:  All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.
He considered biased the idealistic method, which focuses on a form chosen intuitively based on human idealism and does not need to actually exist in nature.
Charles Burchfield, whom Hopper admired and to whom he was compared, said of Hopper, "he achieves such a complete verity that you can read into his interpretations of houses and conceptions of New York life any human implications you wish."
Modern medical knowledge suggests that because it was a new strain, the human immune system would have had little or no defence against it, helping to explain the plague's virulence and high death rates.
He explicitly based this on the Catholic teaching on the dignity of the human person: "Should not reason and justice and every noble instinct of civilised man, and particularly of every Christian man, rebel at the thought of despising or branding with a stigma of inferiority, our neighbour with whom we share so much in common?".
The human auditory system's tolerance for the noise this causes makes  the loss of accuracy barely noticeable.
This is a companion book to Climate Change and Energy Insecurity, an edited volume with Andrew Higham and Richard Sherman, and Human and Environmental Security: An Agenda for Change.
Of his Bridge release, the American Record Guide has written, “there’s a wealth of compositional ingenuity and detail, but better yet there’s what I might call attention to the human aspect of music—a concern with drama, passion, and psychological complexity alongside any purely technical achievement.
Racism in sport in Australia has a long history as stated by the Australian Human Rights Commission (AHRC).
Suffering from amnesia when Stick's group finds her, she gradually develop human feelings and sympathies, and ends up falling in love with Stick.
Such multitasking has been shown to defocus human attention and performance.
Billed as "a journey through the human body", the museum provides both education and entertainment through a combination of permanent and variable collections.
Yue follows after her father and loves animals as if they were human.
Most corn is used for livestock feed and not human food, even the portion that is exported.
Blameless in Abaddon (Harcourt Brace, 1996), a modern-dress version of the Book of Job, turns on the plight of Martin Candle, a small-town, small-time magistrate who, sorely afflicted with cancer, resolves to drag God before the World Court and prosecute him for his seeming indifference to human suffering.
The Human Trafficking Foundation made the case for places of safety for potential survivors, explaining: "People need space to make an informed decision about their future based on an understanding of their rights and options.
It is apparently incomplete and may be intended to have the same cover of human flesh that the smaller soldiers have since its unprotected metal structure is vulnerable to missile attack and electricity.
Theories about lack of human remains and luggage at impact site
Adults also have access to the Hepatitis B,  human papillomavirus (HPV),  and Yellow Fever vaccines.
The university called upon academics, local, regional and international higher educational and human rights institutions to speak out against the attacks.
The player character is Latis, a dhampir who enters a castle, which has mysteriously appeared in the human world, to defeat its vampire overlord.
All their consequences for the human spirit, which range between heaven to hell, just go unnoticed.
His signature move is an extremely powerful finger flick that can send an average human flying a long distance.
While Huff starts with a couple of familiar characters — good cop/bad cop Chicago patrolmen with alcohol and racism issues — he deepens them into complex figures, compellingly human even when at their most despicable.
Regardless, the more widespread adoption of steam power from the 1830s onward, and the subsequent arrival of machines of greater size, meant that more-skilled operatives were required: the complementarity between factory equipment and the human capital necessary to operate it grew stronger as machines became more complex.
As a missionary and a doctor, Bushnell worked to reform conditions of human degradation in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Slant Magazine reviewer Nick Schager has praised the film as an "endlessly pliable allegory about human consciousness".
Insulin activates the human INSIG2 promoter in a process mediated by phosphorylated SAP1a.
The snake marries the princess, who rejects him at first until she sees his true human form at night.
In May 2006, the World Bank adopted a new Country Assistance Strategy (CAS) for Yemen for the period FY 2006 to FY 2009, providing a blueprint for fostering the country's fiscal and human development improvement.
Tylor disagreed with Herbert Spencer, another founder of anthropology, as well as of sociology, about the innateness of the human tendency towards animistic explanations, but both agreed that ancestor worship was the root of religion and that domestic deities were survivals from such an early stage.
In 2009, human rights advocate Stanislav Markelov and journalist Anastasia Baburova were shot dead in Moscow.
He contributed to Christian and, specifically, Orthodox Christian political theology with his understanding of anarchism as a political philosophy which focuses on the affirmation of human freedom against any institution or exercise of power.
In 2008 Petters was also included among the Human Relations Associates' list of "The Twenty-Five Greatest Scientists of African Ancestry,"going back to the eighteenth century.
The term "social justice" was seen by the U.N. "as a substitute for the protection of human rights [and] first appeared in United Nations texts during the second half of the 1960s.
Biden has said the U.S. needs to "get tough" on China and build "a united front of U.S. allies and partners to confront China's abusive behaviors and human rights violations."
GAATW is committed to work for changes in the political, economic, social, and legal systems and structures which contribute to the persistence of trafficking in persons and other human rights violations in the context of migratory movements for diverse purposes, including security of labour and livelihood.
'The men we saw weighed no more than thirty kilos and did not look human.
He was then moved to the post of Minister of Labour and Youth Development on October 15, 2006 before being named Minister of Lands and Human Development on February 12, 2008.
He is shown to possess the entire gamut of human emotions, including love and attachment, which he clearly feels for Valentine.
Following up on its successes and growing needs, in 2005 Alkarama recruited Country Representatives in Lebanon and Yemen in order to follow the human rights situation in these countries and document further cases of violations to submit to the UN.
Upon being made playable in the console versions of UMK3 and the 1996 compilation title Mortal Kombat Trilogy, Noob Saibot returned as a palette-swap ninja, and one of ten human ninja swaps in the game overall.
He was told to follow the girl to Deepdale and so quickly arrived at his destination, described as locum palustrem valde terribilem longeque ab omni habitacione hominum separatum — "a marshy place, extremely frightening, and far from human habitation."
Human CD35, also known as complement receptor 1 (CR1), is an additional attachment factor for gp350/220, and can provide a route for entry of EBV into CD21-negative cells, including immature B-cells.
Using ancient magic, they transformed the Key into a human girl.
Evolutionary psychologists have used the norm of reciprocity to explain altruism by emphasizing our expectations that “helping others will increase the likelihood that they will help us in the future.” The underlying justification lies in the human desire to reciprocate kindness and cooperate for survival value has enabled our continued existence in a hostile world.
The student does not understand the thought process of homosexuals, who are only looking for love and life as any regular human desire.
"Established targets" are those for which there is a good scientific understanding, supported by a lengthy publication history, of both how the target functions in normal physiology and how it is involved in human pathology.
The Department of Human Development was a multidisciplinary department at Cornell University from 1925 to 2021.
Aung San Suu Kyi is the official patron of The Rafto Human Rights House in Bergen, Norway.
Programs operated by the college include The Learning for Life Programme, Honours Programme, Social Involvement Programme, and Personality and Human Values.
Bagatti, who acted as the principal archaeologist for the venerated sites in Nazareth, unearthed quantities of later Roman and Byzantine artifacts, attesting to unambiguous human presence there from the 2nd century AD onward.
In 2013, the European Stability Initiative pressed for Agramunt to resign from his position as rapporteur, alleging that he had covered up systematic violations of Human rights in Azerbaijan.
One of the reasons so many people are bitten is because of its association with human habitation and many bites occur indoors.
Coastal erosion is already widespread, and there are many coasts where exceptional high tides or storm surges result in encroachment on the shore, impinging on human activity.
On June 29, 2020, it was announced that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) had agreed to buy 500,000 remdesivir treatment courses.
The applications of renewable energy technology has the potential to alleviate many of the problems that face Africans every day, especially if done in a sustainable manner that prioritizes human rights.
Sahra Mohamed Ali Samatar was named to the cabinet of Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke as the Minister of Women and Human Rights on 27 January 2015.
In 1996, a majority of the European Commission of Human Rights rejected his application related to the process of his capture.
Micheaux's years as a homesteader allowed him to learn more about human relations and farming.
Three legal commissions exist in both houses - human rights, ethics and congressional rules and document accreditation; two legal commissions exist only in the House of Representatives - public accounts and the investigation and accusation commission.
This philosophy has remained controversial with both scientists and human spaceflight advocates.
And Tralfamadorians don't see human beings as two-legged creatures, either.
"It would transform the space frontier of the 1970s into familiar territory," said Nixon, "easily accessible for human endeavor of the 1980s and 1990s."
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Michelle Bachelet, when discussing Cuba, North Korea, Venezuela and Zimbabwe, called for the easing of sanctions to enable their medical systems to combat COVID-19.
 the creation of a Sudanese "precise and transparent", independent investigation into the Khartoum massacre and "related" human rights violations incidents;
is an action-adventure game developed by Human Entertainment and released for the PlayStation in 1995.
Apart from the United States, various ASEAN lawmakers have called Myanmar's membership to be stripped due to its poor human rights record.
In July 2019, the Euro-Mediterranean Human Rights Monitor and the Iraqi Centre for the Documentation of War Crimes released a joint statement in which they revealed testimonies from the Taji Prison in the north of Bagdad.
Community project to improve human and environmental health
Mijeon, in American Journal of Human Genetics writes that the "conclusion is quite fitting", "the history of thinking about the body ... can be highly politicized and controversial".
Because human beings will always pursue what is ‘good’ for them, this philosophy asserts that individuals share overarching desires or goals, such as security and safety (especially from death).
Cohn, with his background in dealing with totalitarian regimes and the sufferings of his relatives during the Holocaust, described all his work as studies on the phenomena that sought "to purify the world through the annihilation of some category of human beings imagined as agents of corruption and incarnations of evil".
He was proprietor of the Park-Brannock Shoe Store in Syracuse, New York and spent two years developing a simple means of measuring the length, width, and arch length of the human foot.
The employee warns Mike that if one of the animatronics encounters a human after hours, it will mistake them for an animatronic endoskeleton without a costume and will "forcefully stuff" them into a spare mechanical Freddy Fazbear costume, killing the person in the process.
The first dimension refers to human security, a concept that makes the principle referent object of security the individual, not the state.
Aidan Turner – actor (The Hobbit, Being Human, Poldark)
Michel further reiterated that the European Union nations "do not share the values on which the political and economic system in China is based" and will continue to promote "respect for universal human rights, including those of minorities such as the Uighurs.
Sex is presented in ribald material more for the purpose of poking fun at the foibles and weaknesses that manifest themselves in human sexuality, rather than to present sexual stimulation either overtly or artistically.
Uncertainties in real-time estimates of human losses are a factor of two, at best.
Mortality salience: Viewing an "uncanny" robot elicits an innate fear of death and culturally supported defenses for coping with death's inevitability....  disassembled androids...play on subconscious fears of reduction, replacement, and annihilation: (1) A mechanism with a human façade and a mechanical interior plays on our subconscious fear that we are all just soulless machines.
On August 3, 2005, as a Mission Specialist (and Flight Engineer) on STS-114, the first Return to Flight mission following the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster, Robinson became the first human to perform an in-flight repair to the Shuttle's exterior.
First isolated from water, soil and human sputum samples in Barcelona, Spain.
The film screened at several Film Festivals which include, LesGaiCineMad, Palm Beach International Film Festival, Q Fest St. Louis / St. Louis International Film Festival, QCinema Fort Worth, Downtown Urban Arts Festival, NewFilmmakers NY, SF Latino Film Festival Cine+Mas, International Film Festival, Idyllwild International Festival of Cinema, Macabre Faire Film Festival, Human Rights Film Festival Barcelona and other festivals worldwide.
The NMI mRNA has low expression levels in all human fetal and adult tissues tested except brain and has high expression in cancer cell line-myeloid leukemias.
It contains exhibits demonstrating evidence of 7,000 years of human habitation excavated at the Koster Site in nearby Greene County.
In a 19 June press release, Marc Garlasco, the senior military analyst at Human Rights Watch, declared the IDF investigation not credible, citing its complete reliance on information gathered by the IDF and exclusion of all evidence gathered by other sources.
In August 2016, the United Nations Human Rights Committee called on Namibia to adopt hate crime legislation punishing homophobic and transphobic violence, and vigorously enforce it.
Aristotle, in his "On the Soul" believes that human intellect at first is just a receptive faculty.
For example, a mortgage approval process may be experiencing human latency because the person assigned to providing an approval is on vacation or busy working on something else.
Another short work, The Screwtape Letters, which he dedicated to J. R. R. Tolkien, consists of letters of advice from senior demon Screwtape to his nephew Wormwood on the best ways to tempt a particular human and secure his damnation.
The Council of the Baltic Sea States (CBSS) was founded in 1992 to promote intergovernmental cooperation among Baltic Sea countries in questions concerning economy, civil society development, human rights issues, and nuclear and radiation safety.
Giving evidence to the House of Commons Home Affairs Select Committee on 3 March 2015, Gambaccini said he believed he was used as human "fly paper" to encourage other people to come forward and make allegations against him.
Boas also worked to demonstrate that differences in human behavior are not primarily determined by innate biological dispositions but are largely the result of cultural differences acquired through social learning.
Human rights abuses in Argentina
CCDC109B expression is not present in human adipose tissue, adrenal glands, bladder, bone marrow, ear, esophagus, larynx, parathyroid, pituitary gland, spleen, thyroid, trachea, or umbilical cord tissues.
Edel focused on “the relationship of variant systems of ethics to the universal requirements of a human social existence."
Human activities have caused severe declines in populations and ranges.
Mullin led a Westminster Hall debate on the subject of The Use of Children as Suicide Bombers spelling out the significant rise on the use of children and young girls as human guided weapons.
Gottschall's book, The Storytelling Animal: How Stories Make Us Human (Houghton Mifflin 2012), is about the evolutionary mystery of storytelling—about the way we shape stories, and stories shape us.
Margaret Mary Haskell, Director of Human Resources, Avon Fire and Rescue Service.
The first human settlements in the area can be traced to the Umbri and Picentes and date back to the 1st millennium BC.
Wood replied to the General in 1945 letter, "The fact that there were men among us who were able to face a situation like Iwo where human life is so cheap, is something to make humble those of us who were so very fortunate not to be called upon to endure such hell."
Shepard recruits Mordin Solus, Garrus Vakarian, Jack, and (optionally) Grunt, before the Illusive Man informs him/her that another human colony is under attack.
 Hanna Jaff (born 1986), American born Mexican-Kurd politician, philanthropist, human rights activist, and author
Aronson J, McSherry G, Hoyt L, Boland M, Oleske J, Connor E, Persaud D, Borkowsky W, Krasinski K, Bakshi S, Pitt J, Gershon A. Varicella does not appear to be a cofactor for human immundefiency virus infection in children.
According to the commission the military gave the "highest priority" to protecting civilians whereas the Tamil Tigers had had "no respect for human life".
United States Department of Health and Human Services agencies
1994: Marius-Tausk-Preis of the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Endokrinologie for the work: Human adrenal cells express TNFα-mRNA: Evidence for a paracrine control of adrenal function
She was due to report at the 48th session of the UN Human Rights Council, to be held in September 2021, but made a preliminary statement critical of the sanctions.
The trial was criticized by several international observers, including Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International.
 Master of Arts in Human Resource Management
In the 1960s, the first true 'mobile machines' integrated with human movements began to appear.
As of 2009, Freedom House names the following human rights problems in Somaliland: corruption, interference and harassment of journalists, banning non-Islamic proselytizing, banning public demonstrations, lack of due process and prolonged detention before trial, weak judiciary and female genital mutilation.
Thus in 1979, the Faculty of Medicine directly appointed a human geneticist – initially expected to join Huizinga's staff – at a soon blossoming new department of clinical genetics which was richly endowed with subsidies, and John Huizinga's institute was left behind.
Thailand's National Human Rights Commission argued that most colour blind people can drive safely, but there was no positive response from the Department of Land Transport.
Cave development and the use of some for early human occupation is a further significant aspect of the peninsula's scientific and cultural interest.
Amendments to the Grundgesetz generally require a two-thirds majority of both chambers of the parliament; the fundamental principles of the constitution, as expressed in the articles guaranteeing human dignity, the separation of powers, the federal structure, and the rule of law are valid in perpetuity.
Because of the sparse availability of water away from the Galana River, human settlement in Tsavo focused on the riparian areas and in rockshelters as one moves west.
The Prisoner does so; in the process, the Prisoner can encounter King Naro, Orin, and a human woman warrior named Bren, in the process helping Naro and Orin escape their destiny to die by Malog and Arlen's hands while helping Bren recover her lost memories after her escape from the Abyss.
In 1976 a dentist in New Jersey patented a bullseye decal he called the Tinkle Target, citing how "parents, janitors, and others responsible for this cleanliness have often despaired the human male sloppiness of failing to direct urine into the proper receptacles".
The motive power for this appears to have been human.
Excavations demonstrate human occupation influenced by Teotihuacan (450-600 CE).
In the second episode, Human Tornado saw heel manager Scott D'Amore leaving Kennedy's dressing room and grew suspicious.
 Petrarch's View of Human Life, Susannah Dobson's translation
Cortana and the Master Chief's relationship was a core part of Halo 4, part of a desire to feature a more human story.
Early breeding efforts concentrated on developing a high-yield, drought-tolerant human food crop species suitable for marginal wheat-producing areas.
In June 2012 the Nicaraguan Association for Human Rights (ANPDH) claimed that the Nicaraguan National Police (NNP) forcibly closed Somoto-based Television Channel 13 due to the station's reporting on government corruption.
One hypothesis is that these reflexes are vestigial and have limited use in early human life.
He praised screenwriters Dan Berk and Robert Olsen for their "clever story about a supernatural force that turns its human hosts mindlessly homicidal".
Later, after meeting Supergirl, he went on a mission with her to the planet Zerox, where a magic spell was cast that turned him into a human, but only while a comet passes through the solar system he is in.
Feider remains in the memory of those who knew him as an eminent academic figure, with not only a vast knowledge of biology, but also a person who spread human warmth.
So the "Teachers" called her) insisted that Theosophy is not a religion, although she did refer to it as the modern transmission of the "once universal religion" that she claimed had existed deep into the human past.
The first five, Knowledge of One's Self, Composition of the World as It Is, Things That Will Improve This World and Its Nations, Treatments and Remedies of Proper Medicine, and Proper Medicine Derived from Human Nature''' are written in the Castilian language.
He spends most of Midnight's Choice in this form, but reverts to being human at the end of the story.
Lymnaeidae are of major medical and veterinary importance since they act as vectors of parasites (helminths, mainly trematodes, e.g., Fasciola liver flukes) that severely affect human populations and livestock, and cause important economic losses.
The Board's 13 members represent districts of (approximately) equal population, and members serve on the Finance/Audit/Budget, Government Oversight, Internal Services, Public Safety and Records, Health and Human Services committees.
Some activists and/or Al Jazeera considered this an attempt to appease the increasingly angry demonstrators; Rihawi, head of the Syrian Human Rights League, said that releasing those prisoners was "a good start".
Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu in a joint press conference with Pakistani Prime Minister's foreign advisor Sartaj Aziz on 2 August said that his country backed Pakistan's position of sending a team from the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation in order to probe the alleged human rights violations in Kashmir.
By contrast, Human Compatible was criticized in its Nature review by David Leslie, an Ethics Fellow at the Alan Turing Institute; and similarly in a New York Times opinion essay by Melanie Mitchell.
This led to the creation of the "setup method" (установочный метод), which viewed the conditioning of human faculties as a basis for reform of the educational system in its entirety.
The human liver fluke Opisthorchis viverrini contributes to the development of bile duct (liver) cancer by secreting a granulin-like growth hormone.
Safe Schools/Healthy Students  (SS/HS) is a grant program funded by the United States Department of Education, United States Department of Justice, and United States Department of Health and Human Services that helps school districts, in partnership with mental health providers, law enforcement and juvenile justice agencies, implement projects that create safe and healthy schools and communities.
Among those who oppose the legislation are the Mozilla Corporation, Facebook, Electronic Frontier Foundation, Yahoo!, eBay, American Express, Reddit, Google, Reporters Without Borders, Human Rights Watch, English Wikipedia, Entertainment Consumers Association and Uncyclopedia.
Migrants, mostly of South Asian origin, constitute 42.5% of the UAE's workforce and have reportedly been subject to a range of human rights abuses.
SWEDHR claimed to shed light on "health issues of war crimes & Human Rights abuses worldwide",[1] and it acknowledged to be an “alternative NGO” with regard to mainstream organizations.
The human parents and the nephilim children are killed, while the angel parents are captured to be reeducated.
A human stampede occurred in the Los Olivos District of Lima, Peru on 22 August 2020, killing at least thirteen and injuring six others.
Active Infrared, combines infrared illumination of spectral range 700–1,000 nm (just below the visible spectrum of the human eye) with CCD cameras sensitive to this light
The metamorphosis of Rangajji from a woman bubbling with life and enthusiasm to a lonely woman waiting to die effectively showcases the power and notoriety of human mind.
"Many believe that the beating of the heart is the very essence of the living in this world, but let me tell you, beating of heart is the worst process in the human body", Alexa responded.
It opens with a series of solemn oaths sworn on various astronomical phenomena, the first of which, "by the sun", gives the sura its name, then on the human soul itself.
For those human souls who did not receive the mysteries before death and are thus bound to be reincarnated in the world, he is also responsible for giving the “cup of forgetfulness,” denying them the knowledge they had acquired from previous lives and punishments.
In reality, they seldom attack a human."
programmes for human rights law.
From December 2012 onward, Séléka forces, who are predominantly Muslim, committed grave human rights abuses against civilians throughout the country and especially targeted the majority Christian population.
With his wife and newborn daughter he moved to the colony to search for the missing link in human evolution.
Consequently, these approaches are interested in the widest possible variety of interactions and encounters, interactions and encounters that are not necessarily limited to human sensibility.
In OXO, the computer player could play perfect games of tic-tac-toe against a human opponent.
Human Rights Watch Syria and Lebanon researcher Lama Fakih told the UK Telegraph rebel groups had wanted to attack Kassab for a long time, but Turkey had previously denied them access, citing a lack of unity.
The purunmachus of Carajía are unique because of the human skulls that sit atop their heads, visible in the photograph.
Li also says that loss and gain does not refer to the loss of money or the gain of comfort, rather the measure of how many human attachments one can lose, and how much one can enlighten in the course of cultivation practice.
His succubus girlfriend, who also works at the Department of Integration, is the daughter of Satan (who is trying to bring about the end of days) and a human who "looks like Mia Farrow in Rosemary's Baby".
When on the operating table, his doctors find a human eye, ear and part of a nose growing inside Thad's skull, which was the cause of his headaches.
He went on to say “No doubt the AK47s will fall silent, and the pangas will stop their hacking of human flesh, and the tribal warriors will all break out in watermelon smiles to see the big white chief touch down in his big white British taxpayer-funded bird.”
Asiatic lion prides require large territories but there is limited space at Gir wildlife sanctuary, which is boxed in on all sides by heavy human habitation.
Hellman/Hammet Grant from Human Rights Watch, US
The complete coding sequence human γ subunit was reported by Saxena et al.
Since 1961 Head of the Division of Human Research of the Economics Institute, Siberian Division of the USSR Academy of Sciences.
Sfard has described Shulamit Aloni as a "major influence" who introduced him through her activities to the world of human rights in Israel.
The single molar was larger than any modern human tooth, but the femur was long and straight, with a knee angle showing that "Java Man" had walked upright.
Captain Justice (Jeff Lester) decides to cross the Forbidden Zone into the real world, where he becomes a real human being with no superpowers.
 Investigate allegations of human abuse or neglect;
Although suspensions are relatively simple to distinguish from solutions and colloids, it may be difficult to distinguish solutions from colloids since the particles dispersed in the medium may be too small to distinguish by the human eye.
The method has been used for quantitation of human serum proteins before automated methods became available.
 Human Again (Mom + Pop Music, 2012)
Human capital objectives include nutrition, healthcare (including child mortality, HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria, and reproductive health) and education.
Manouchehr Ganji (Persian: منوچهر گنجی) is a human rights activist and a former Minister of Education of Iran from 1976 until 1979.
 , Ewald, Human life in Russia, (Cleveland: J.T.
While the Magellanic penguins may not be affected to the same degree it is still important to minimize human effects on them.
With funding support from the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the Institute is working on implementation of Uzbekistan's new habeas corpus law (which requires that a judge review nearly all arrests within 72 hours), consulting on prison reform and supporting local human rights activists engaged in independent prison monitoring, and organizing roundtable discussions to promote religious freedom.
Being Human attempts to outline both the capabilities and the restrictions network communication can bring.
October 16: Mexico '68: Medal-winning American sprinters Tommie Smith and John Carlos raise their gloved hands on the Olympic award podium to protest global human rights shortcomings.
LoDuca would later be mentioned in the Mitchell Report, which claimed that he had used human growth hormone (HGH) throughout his career and in fact contributed to other members of the Dodgers also using HGH.
In particular, he studied the human form, dissecting thirty or more unclaimed cadavers from a hospital in order to understand muscles and sinews.
The 1977 Additional Protocols, relating to the protection of victims in both international and internal conflict, not only incorporated aspects of both the Law of The Hague and the Law of Geneva, but also important human rights provisions.
The Human Rights Foundation of Turkey (HRFT) (, TİHV) is headquartered in Ankara.
Human Resources also ensures equality and fairness in the DelDOT workforce.
Wishing to do the same, Lucius begs Photis to transform him, but she accidentally turns him into an ass, at which point Photis tells him that the only way for him to return to his human state is to eat a fresh rose.
She is the author of the New York Times bestseller The Big Fat Surprise, the product of a decade's worth of research into thousands of published scientific studies on nutrition and human health.
On 14 December, Foreign Minister Lavrov stated in an interview with Russia-24 that Euromaidan "doesn't fit into the framework of normal human analysis.
This new understanding of the role of the Arabian dispersal began to change following results from archaeological and genetic studies stressing the importance of southern Arabia as a corridor for human expansions out of Africa.
Despite them often playing a part in Ziggy's mishaps and misadventures, the love and affection he gives to and receives from his animals is often very different than his interactions with the various human beings he encounters during his days.
In 1977, researcher J. Michael Bedford discovered that human sperm could penetrate the protective outer membranes of a gibbon egg.
The National Cancer Institute (USA) nominated MeAN for research because of its potential for human exposure, the common features shared with the known carcinogen acrylonitrile and the shortcoming of knowledge in toxicity and carcinogenicity of MeAN.
The earliest witnesses to human beings settling in what is now Westerburg are some urns that point to cremations performed here about 700 BC.
Because there is an absence of regenerating germ cells and oogonia in the human, the number of primary oocytes dwindles after each menstrual cycle until menopause, when the female no longer has a population of primary oocytes.
The new Human League of Sulley, Oakey, Catherall and Wright started to gain ground in early 1981 with the release of the single "Boys and Girls."
The character designs of the Jewelpets and the human characters were handled by Tomoko Miyakawa (Onegai My Melody) in the first and fourth series.
How to Calculate Human Losses during the Second World War  // Journal of Slavic Military Studies, 2009, September,  Vol.
Similar dosing is used to prevent disease in high-risk patients, such as those infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) or those with organ transplants.
This book is the result of the first compilation of Hubbard’s thoughts on his personal research aimed at discovering a technology of the human mind.
There is not an estimate for the number of turquoise-winged parrotlets, but it is believed that their population is decreasing because of increased human interference and habitat destruction.
The human crown is prone to different injuries and disorders with various causes, medical signs and symptoms, methods of diagnosis, and treatments.
On 3 June 1991, the jury discussed them and selected the proposal of Dmitry Bogomolov which depicted a bronze human figure, crushed and crucified between four rocks.
After a court ruling by the South African Human Rights Commission, his asylum request was accepted on 13 May 2007.
The works are made in collaboration with blind people whose fingerprints are left on the work, thus documenting their touch and leaving a trace of human contact.
Lt. Worf's (Michael Dorn) adoptive human parents, Sergey (Theodore Bikel) and Helena Rozhenko (Georgia Brown) visit the Enterprise, having only just learned about his discommendation.
Cockatoos have a preferred "footedness" analogous to human handedness.
In his human form, he is only able to travel in the physical world, restricted to seeing the wave world through his Visualizer (a special type of eyeglasses).
Some NGOs, notably the Uzbek – German Forum for Human Rights (UGF), have attempted to raise awareness of these unethical practices, both worldwide and in Europe.
The final judgment will bring an end to human history.
Aton confronts Bedside and Bedside suggests that Chthon can stop Aton's internal conflict between his Minion and human natures.
Diamandis's lyrical content typically analyses components of human behaviour; she has noted that she would have become a psychologist had she been unsuccessful in the music industry.
“To succeed with an exhibition is for me when the viewer finds response in my paintings for our common universal feelings which acknowledge us as human beings and which make that I am you and you are me, like in a mirror, mine or your own.”
The first multi-tissue epigenetic clock, Horvath's epigenetic clock, was developed by Steve Horvath, a professor of human genetics  and of biostatistics at UCLA (Horvath 2013).
In 2005, he was one of the first recipients of the Human Life Foundation's "Great Defender of Life" award.
"), and to heal faster than a normal human being, but due to them integrating with his organic systems, he requires periodic doses of transphasic energy to survive or the probes will essentially starve to death and kill him.
Homo heidelbergensis living near Burgos, in the Atapuerca Mountains, at start of Holocene (the current ongoing warm climate period, during which modern human civilization has prospered)
|None of these tribes have any noteworthy feature, except their common worship of Ertha [the Latin says Nerthus], or mother-Earth, and their belief that she interposes in human affairs, and visits the nations in her car.
As the subway train circles the city, Theta One One talks to other Tek passengers, learning of a mysterious Red Tek that may be connected to the mystery, that a number of other Teks may have gone missing, and that there is growing resent to Teks by the human population in the city above.
However, a human scientist in At the Mountains of Madness recognizes them as fellow scientists, not monsters.
Recent evidence has changed our understanding of the relationships between the hominoids, especially regarding the human lineage; and the traditionally used terms have become somewhat confused.
Professors Paul Greedy and Olivia Ball report that communist parties pressed Western governments to include economic rights in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Part of the passage read: "The word he [Paul] uses in its original import, comprehends all who are concerned in bringing any of the human race into slavery, or in detaining them in it. . . . Stealers of men are all those who bring off slaves or freemen, and keep, sell, or buy them.
He began to teach himself human anatomy, and he ultimately detailed his new-found knowledge in a volume entitled The Anatomy of the Bones, and the Circulation of Blood, which contained dozens of detailed drawings of fetal and adult skeletal features.
The Hood uses the powers of Dormammu to resurrect the villains that were killed by Scourge of the Underworld (Basilisk, Bird-Man, Black Abbot, Blue Streak, Cheetah, Cyclone, Death Adder, Firebrand, Hijacker, Human Fly, Letha, Megatak, Mind-Wave, Miracle Man, Mirage, Titania, Turner D. Century, and Wraith) to form a squad that will help him take down the Punisher.
The film is made with deep belief in the value of human rights.
Although Greece remained the focus of much of his research throughout his life he extended this focus to include archaeological human remains from Turkey.
El-Nas (and other Salafi TV stations) were accused by human rights organisations for hosting Islamist sheikhs and preachers that encouraged anti-Shi'ism and sectarian violence in Egypt.
In 1980, the Stanford Band marched onto the field accompanied by a horse skeleton on wheels, being ridden by a Trojan-helmeted human skeleton, in a parody of USC's Traveler mascot.
The realm of divinities stretched from the original One down to material nature itself, where soul in fact descended into matter and became "embodied" as human beings.
A triangular face, in the simplest sense, is a human face shape with a lower half that becomes relatively thin, approaching an appearance of a triangle with a tip facing downwards.
In 2016, Hayes was the recipient of the Barry Jacobs Memorial Award for Research in the Psychophysics of Human Taste and Smell from the Association for Chemoreception Sciences.
In addition to participating in the destruction of TDF Far East Base, she was revealed to be a neo neuron human, whose transformation was a result of the Akashic Records to serve as a bridge for Kazamori to obtain the record's true copy and foiling Alien Garut's plan for Earth domination.
Rather than simply a polemic, Stirner's work uses Feuerbach's idea of God as a human abstraction as the basis of his critique of Feuerbach.
Thus the agent of the mayhem that plagues and pursues the astronauts must be a human agent.
,  no human infections have been reported in Australia, though rodents were found to carry antibodies.
Nonlinear Analysis for Human Movement Variability.
Joseph W. Casper, founder of a human rights organization, funeral home manager, and former director of marketing for the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (1967 to 1977).
It reveals, just under the surface, not only the promise of dim lights, perfume, mystery, and sweat-stained sheets, but a figure whose most prominent feature is the outline of a human heart, cracked and broken over and again, who remains resolute in the notion that love prevails."
Space colonization has been seen as a relief to the problem of human overpopulation as early as 1758, and listed as one of Stephen Hawking's reasons for pursuing space exploration.
In a statement issued by Oleksandr Yefremov, parliamentary faction leader, the party and its members "strongly condemn[ed] the criminal orders that led to human victims, an empty state treasury, huge debts, shame before the eyes of the Ukrainian people and the entire world."
Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception and Performance, 1, 253-262.
He finally ends with saying that war has no beginning or end and that it is the original human state.
The city owns a 46-acre former BNSF railroad property in the center of town which features the West Kern Oilworker's Monument, a  tall bronze sculpture that features several human figures displayed on an oil derrick by artist Benjamin Victor that was paid for with donations from local residents, visitors and several oil companies.
In his book, Heider presented a wide-ranging analysis of the conceptual framework and the psychological processes that undergird human social perception.
Fair Trials International has referred to the country's "appalling human rights record including harsh and life-threatening conditions in its detention centres."
The 19th-century arts magazine The Aldine in 1878 described Passini's pictures as "showing a skill in studying the human face, and an appreciation of its expressions, which indicate natural gift even more than close study... [and] the careful drawing and skillful posing of...
Wolves also may not form a dependency on their human caregiver even if they do have a good relationship with the caregiver.
The state ensures security of life, limb and property; it brings within reach of every individual many necessaries of life which he could not produce by himself; and it sets free sufficient time and energy for the higher development of human powers.
Human activities play an important role in both carbon and nitrogen cycles: the burning of fossil fuels has displaced carbon from the lithosphere to the atmosphere, and the use of fertilizers has vastly increased the amount of available fixed nitrogen.
In 1939, Iowa researchers developed modern blood banking and UI hospitals became the first in the world to develop a successful method of freezing human sperm, leading to a live birth in 1952.
Overall, the article found that sex trafficking was the most reported form of human trafficking by the newspapers that were analyzed (p. 154).
On 8 August 1901, Uhlenhuth submitted a report, dated 5 August, to police in which he conclusively determined that although some stains upon Tessnow's overalls, clothing and shoes were actually wood dye, the vast majority of the stains upon his clothing were human blood, with some bloodstains found upon Tessnow's jacket and trousers also sourcing from sheep.
In 2010 he played Peter Scabius in the televised adaptation of William Boyd's novel Any Human Heart, while in 2011 he starred as Zak Gist in the ITV series Eternal Law.
She won the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award in 1997, sharing it with fellow attorney Sezgin Tanrıkulu.
One of his motives in writing them was to have a couple of fantasy heroes closer to true human nature than the likes of Howard's Conan the Barbarian or Burroughs's Tarzan.
Powers include human disguises, hypnotic eyes, extendable tentacle fingers, teleportation, electric capture rings from her staff, size changing, and mouth flames.
She was Senior Indigenous Fellow at the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in 2016 and has been a member of the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues since 2020.
Rolls was known as a strong critic of the military coup which deposed the Qarase government on 5 December 2006, and of human rights violations allegedly committed by soldiers since then.
Brian O'Brien (voiced by Rob Delaney) - The head of human waste at Sebben & Sebben Worldwide.
These assumptions can be the source of apparent paradoxes, misunderstandings and resistance to change in human organizational behavior.
Class I devices are subject to the least regulatory control and are not intended to help support or sustain life or be substantially important in preventing impairment to human health, and may not present an unreasonable risk of illness or injury.
Two years after the dissolution of Saviour Machine, in 2015, Clayton committed to playing at Ayreon's Theater Equation shows in Holland in September, reprising his role as "Reason" from the 2004 album The Human Equation.
These realms are situated in the seven lower levels (adho lok) of the universe while the human abode of Jambudvip is in the middle (madhya lok) and the heavenly realms exist above (urdhva loka).
"Was Huntington Right about Human Nutrition?"
Lockport Provincial Park is located on the east bank of the river, where archeological studies have found evidence of human activity for 3,000 years.
Ambassador to Vietnam said he was "deeply concerned" about the Vietnamese government's detention of activists and stated: "This trend threatens to overshadow Vietnam's progress on human rights."
Cornell University College of Human Ecology alumni
He noted that, "Having become convinced that the gospel alone reveals the full truth of the human condition, Girard entered the Catholic Church", and that Girard's subsequent work Things Hidden Since the Foundation of the World expressed a "Christian perspective".
One genetic study concluded that clicks, which occur in the languages of the genetically divergent populations Hadza and !Kung, may be an ancient element of human language.
She described JVP as a "key player" in a "fast-growing US movement for Palestinian human rights and equality between Palestinians and Israelis".
Later in the series, Boomer appears among the Cylons occupying New Caprica as a member of the Cylon governing council controlling the human puppet government.
A yacht is stranded on the beach of a deserted island located at a point in the Atlantic Ocean where converging undersea currents bring all the human bodies of sailors drowned at sea.
In those days, the term dumb was widely used to refer to animals, because "they lacked the power of human speech."
The AHAAH was developed to more accurately assess the hazard to the human ear from impulse noise by incorporating the acoustic and physiological characteristics of the ear in its analysis, which were not accounted for in previous metrics.
It appears that human hunters exterminated the moa populations, which deprived the Harpagornis of its primary food source, leading to the extinction of that species as well.
For example, Kabeya Pindi Pasi, a television journalist and president of the Congolese National Press Union, received anonymous death threats on May 16 after he reported alleged human rights abuses by Vice President Bemba and the MLC.
The ILO's Global Report, A Global Alliance Against Forced Labor (2005), estimated the global annual profits generated by human trafficking to be around $31.6 billion.
Rhys helps Torchwood in their attempts to apprehend the human villains of the episode and his bravery makes Gwen realise that she should no longer keep secrets from him.
Rigdy, Ida K. "Narrations of Human Condition."
The cairns are passage graves which date from around 3,000 BC and research on human remains found in association with similar monuments elsewhere in Ireland suggests that the builders were the descendants of people who settled in Ireland from modern Brittany around 4,200 BC.
Its character is determined by multiple factors, including the local geology and geological processes active during and subsequent to the last ice age, its relative exposure to or shelter from waves, tidal variation and the history of human settlement and development which varies considerably from one place to another.
The Equator Principles and FAO have also incorporated assessment of human rights impacts into their project and loan requirements.
Speaking at the rally, the Secretary-General of the Congolese Party of Labour (PCT), Pierre Ngolo, declared that "this human tide simply wants to say that changing the constitution is the will of the people, and as such no one can stop it."
The story is told from the points of view of one of the local intelligent life forms and a human explorer.
The United Nations Human Rights Council, of which Switzerland is a member and which it was instrumental in establishing, has its seat in Geneva.
Politically, he has always stood up and supported liberal democracy, human rights, women rights and right of minorities in the province of Balochistan and Pakistan.
School of Education: child pedagogy, basic education emphasizing Spanish and human sciences
This trend is clearly demonstrated on graphs of human population numbers, economic growth, and environmental indicators.
The Human Development Index  developed for the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) stems from this early research.
On May 13, 2016, Microsoft made Xbox 360 titles with multiple discs compatible, starting with Deus Ex: Human Revolution Director's Cut.
Justice Dorab Patel (1924–1997): former Chief Justice of Sindh High Court, former Justice of Supreme Court of Pakistan and human rights campaigner.
In 2009, IOM and NGOs reported assisting at least 143 victims of human trafficking—including 139 victims assisted by the IOM rehabilitation center in Moscow prior to its closure in November 2009.
No cut marks are found on the bones as evidence of any human manipulation.
Human Rights Watch said that witnesses feared coming forward during the trial.
In August 2019, the Malta Financial Services Authority became embroiled in scandal after paying €150,000 severance to its human resources department director, George Spiteri, who later was rehired for a similar position by the Malta Business Registry, which branched out of the MFSA just a few weeks earlier.
When studying the heads and faces of the human etchings, Péricard took detailed observations of the eyes, ears, and nose.
The policy has also been condemned by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
In early- to mid-November 2005, there were tens of thousands of jobs, all of them uploaded to the system by Amazon itself for some of its internal tasks that required human intelligence.
It also touches on the human aspects of Wright in addition to his artistic talent and eccentricities.
 2019: Focus Knack, Human of the Year
The controversy is not primarily a scientific issue, since knowledge of human reproduction and development has become very refined; the linguistic questions remain debated for other reasons.
The United Nation's 2009 human development report highlighted a growing social concern in Nepal in the form of individuals without citizenship being marginalized and denied access to government welfare benefits.
Lyingalso called recumbency, prostration, or decubitus in medicine ()is a type of human position in which the body is more or less horizontal and supported along its length by the surface underneath.
An officium was not necessarily a place, but rather an often mobile 'bureau' in the sense of a human staff or even the abstract notion of a formal position, such as a magistrature.
As self-proclaimed monitors of Human Rights in the countries concerned, they accused other intergovernmental organisations of being undemocratic, unelected, unaccountable, non-transparent meddlers in their internal affairs.
The trophy is a human skull set between a pair of rugby goalposts.
Phil Robertson, HRW's deputy director for Asia, said that "Singapore's actions to criminalise Yee's statements run contrary to international human rights standards and are a dangerous affront to freedom of expression."
The two also appeared onscreen together in Kobayashi's The Human Condition (1959) and The Inheritance (1962), as well as Okamoto's Battle of Okinawa  (1971); in 1975, Nakadai appeared in a stage production of Gorky's The Lower Depths as the gambler character who was closely associated in Japan with Mitsui's portrayal in Kurosawa's 1957 film version.
Underwood's published works include Assassination of Human Potential, Burden of Hope: Transition, Retention, and Collegiate Black Men, and Bumblebees Can Fly: Developing the Inherent Power in Young Men of Color Needed to Achieve in Education and Succeed in Life.
Professor of International law at University of Pisa, he served on the European Commission of Human Rights from  1960 to 1992.
"Gender Apartheid and the Discourse of Relativity of Rights in Muslim Societies," in Religious Fundamentalisms and the Human Rights of Women, edited by Courtney Howland.
These beneficial traits associated with schizophrenia genes provide an explanation for selection of these genes in human development.
While serving with the militia, Temple was inspired to study law after reading An Essay Concerning Human Understanding by English philosopher John Locke.
To be sure we are all bound together by race and as a people, but alongside and above the laws of nature we still must take account of human spirit and will.
A coordinated effort is a response to previous findings from the Committee to End Homelessness in King County and the Ten year plan to End Homelessness, where committed organizations, including the United Way of King County, local businesses, faith based communities, housing organizations and human services organizations, studied the causes and solutions to homelessness.
He also served on the U.S. government's Advisory Committee on Human Radiation Experiments during 1994–95.
Beyond the traditional religious teachings, most Ukrainians grew up with little, if any, comprehensive, fact-based public education about human sexuality in general, let alone sexual orientation and gender identity.
Some studies within Europe suggest that human trafficking is lower in countries where prostitution and its procurement are illegal and highest in countries in which prostitution is legalized.
Igbo gods, like those of the Yoruba, were numerous, but their relationship to one another and human beings was essentially egalitarian, reflecting Igbo society as a whole.
Womb Boy Returns EP (1996 Human Condition Records)
Michel Rosenfeld is University Professor of Law and Comparative Democracy, the Justice Sydney L. Robins Professor of Human Rights and Director, Program on Global and Comparative Constitutional Theory at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law of Yeshiva University.
The National Board for Professional Teaching Standards (NBPTS) requires a two-to-three year process of performance based assessment, and demonstrate (in writing) content knowledge in human growth/development, diverse populations, school counseling programs, theories, data, and change and collaboration.
Stare as all human feelings die
Bahrain is one of the five countries on Reporters Without Borders' March 2013 list of "State Enemies of the Internet", countries whose governments are involved in active, intrusive surveillance of news providers, resulting in grave violations of freedom of information and human rights.
She is the Secretary of the House Health and Human Resources Committee.
779 to intensify the fight against human trafficking on all levels, from legislation, policy formulation, enforcement and prosecution, to rehabilitation and support for victims.
Providing consultations allows forensic psychologists to apply psychological expertise and research to help law enforcement, attorneys, and other legal professionals or proceedings better understand of human behavior (e.g.
Valuation as a function of human lives 
The album's artwork depicts the band members playing their instruments beside a large monument of a human ear.
He also examines whether human responses to situations, including racism, are learned social behavior and whether they can be unlearned.
In 1994, the Lyndhurst Foundation in Chattanooga, Tennessee asked Bamberger to document "in human terms the impact of home ownership on the lives of families" in three neighborhoods where the Chattanooga Neighborhood Enterprise had built or renovated houses for lower-income people.
EBS publishes manuscripts that advance the study of human behavior from an evolutionary perspective, with an emphasis on work that integrates evolutionary theory with other approaches and perspectives from across the behavioral sciences.
Digital health offerings use digital technologies to enhance human health in some capacity.
A five-page resolution against the CAA was drafted by more than 150 members of the European Union, who stated that it "marks a dangerous shift in the way citizenship will be determined in India and is set to create the largest statelessness crisis in the world and cause immense human suffering".
 Technological singularity, hypothesised time point when technological change cascades irreversibly, with unforeseeable effects on human society
He was chairman of the Review of United States Human Space Flight Plans Committee.
The human population is shrinking, and most live in structures built long ago, in varying degrees of ruin, squalor, or luxury.
Such things as basic human rights is never denied the ward by this law, but some of them can be denied by other laws.
In 1969 Governor Francis Sargent established the Department of Youth Services as a separate agency under the Executive Office of Health and Human Services.
In order to be protected from the evil eye, a protection item is made from dark blue circular glass, with a circle of white around the black dot in the middle, which is reminiscent of a human eye.
After the Mongolian Revolution, a sacrificial rite was held for Genghis Khan to "bring peace and safety to... human beings and other creatures" and to "drive out bandits, thieves, illness, and other internal and external malefactions" in 1912.
Although some production of greenhouse gases is natural, human activity has increased the production substantially.
This work explores topics pertaining to "contemporary living, including subcultures, daily routines, stress, and modern human behaviors."
She is a past board member of the Computer Science and Telecommunications Board of the National Academy of Sciences, and past Editor of the Journal of Human Robot Interaction.
At the time, this type of theorizing represented a major departure from many contemporary theories of human learning and memory, which did not emphasize different kinds of subjective experience or brain systems.
She uses her sculpture to illustrate human life and interactions.
However, continued human expansion, an increase in demand for cuscus meat and pelts, and destruction of its natural habitat could lead to a demise in the spotted cuscus predominance.
The Spanish Minister of Justice Fernando Grande-Marlaska, whose job as a National Court judge was condemned by the European Court of Human Rights for not investigating torture, stated that the ruling did not question Spanish Justice, and that he respected it.
Worldview had several recurring local partnerships, including with the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, the Chicago Community Trust, Chicago Cultural Alliance, Chicago Fair Trade, Facets Multi-Media, the Morton Arboretum, the Pozen Family Center for Human Rights at the University of Chicago, Chicago Sister Cities International, and more.
He has earned a Master of Business Administration degree with a concentration in human resources management from Florida Institute of Technology in 1992.
She taught human rights law at Bard College and Harvard Law School and was a visiting lecturer at Yale, Columbia, Rutgers, Case Western Reserve, and Harvard Universities.
In their co-written 1998 book, A World Transformed, Bush and Brent Scowcroft argued that such a course would have fractured the alliance, and would have had many unnecessary political and human costs associated with it.
Hütter and his medical team transplanted bone marrow deficient in a key HIV receptor to a leukemia patient, Timothy Ray Brown, who was also infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Reports of human patients with selective damage to the caudate nucleus show unilateral caudate damage resulting in loss of drive, obsessive-compulsive disorder, stimulus-bound perseverative behavior, and hyperactivity.
The National Park Service defines cultural resources as being "Physical evidence or place of past human activity: site, object, landscape, structure; or a site, structure, landscape, object or natural feature of significance to a group of people traditionally associated with it."
Kouhyar Goudarzi, Iranian human rights activist & journalist
For example, cooperation aimed at achieving Ukraine's compliance with the first of the Copenhagen criteria for EU membership ("political" criterion): ensuring the stability of democratic institutions, protection of human rights and the rule of law has become essential.
Narwhals are one of many mammals that are being threatened by human actions.
Indefinite detention is the incarceration of an arrested person by a national government or law enforcement agency for an indefinite amount of time without a trial; the practice violates many national and international laws, including human rights laws.
Club described the album as "filled with Morrissey-esque yelps and Human League-worthy choruses, [...] Twin Shadow manages to digest his influences rather than simply replicate them.
In 1994 she won the Mauro Baschirotto Award in Human Genetics.
Department of Health and Public Welfare, proposed by President Donald Trump as a renamed Department of Health and Human Services.
Although the area lies within the Wakatobi National Park, there is currently no environmental protection, and scientists have expressed concern over its prospects given the rate of human development in the region.
The high mineral content of enamel, which makes this tissue the hardest in the human body, also makes it 
Tobacco use has predominantly negative effects on human health and concern about health effects of tobacco has a long history.
Bunin was particularly impressed with Socrates's ideas on the intrinsic value of human individuality, it being a "kind of focus for higher forces" (quoted from Bunin's short story "Back to Rome").
The computer systems soon exchange new knowledge (data and information beyond contemporary human knowledge) too rapidly for the Russian and American programmers to monitor.
Salavati is among the 32 officials sanctioned by the European Union in April 2011 who have committed human rights abuses after the 2009 disputed election.
The inheritance of gender-specific elements of the human genome allows the study of separate female-only and male-only lineages, using mitochondrial DNA and Y-chromosome DNA, respectively.
Further responding to accusations that the ASA was singling out Israel while ignoring many other nations that have comparable or even worse human rights records that Israel (including many of Israel's neighbors), Marez replied: "One has to start somewhere."
Human muscle contains two phosphoglucomutases with nearly identical catalytic properties, PGM I and PGM II.
With the birth of radar and sonar and other means of detecting military hardware not depending on the human eye, came means of camouflaging against them.
In December 2014, the EU's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) endorsed the combination for licensure as an obesity medication when used alongside diet and exercise.
In vitro studies of human melanocytes exposed to arbutin at concentrations below 300 μg/mL reported decreased tyrosinase activity and melanin content with little evidence of cytotoxicity.
 Winner National Intellectual Property Award 2015-Creative Human -Creative Economy field
The right of resort is derived from Kant's understanding of the Earth's surface as essentially communal, and further emphasizing his claims on equally shared universal rights among all human beings.
These shifts in human habitation and impact have further complicated and obscured insights into the behavior of nutrient cycling.
Ruppe also traveled extensively through Africa, spending time in Kenya, Morocco, Egypt, and the Spanish Sahara where she saw the potential for partnerships with third world countries to meet human needs.
Winnie-the-Pooh himself, for example, personifies the principles of wu wei, the Taoist concept of "effortless doing," and pu, the concept of being open to, but unburdened by, experience, and it is also a metaphor for natural human nature.
Additionally, in looking at them as separate groupings, she suggests that the two figures on Mary's right represents the human and divine natures of Christ, while the three on her left represent the Trinity.
Just as the human hand cannot repeat its own gesture, I invoke this disturbing law, switching my own immobile herds into that rhythm."
Political and human rights issues
Aid to Families with Dependent Children (AFDC) was a federal assistance program in the United States in effect from 1935 to 1997, created by the Social Security Act (SSA) and administered by the United States Department of Health and Human Services that provided financial assistance to children whose families had low or no income.
Michael Hargrave, in his journal, described the human laundry, assembled in two adjacent stables where 17 tables were each surrounded by four German nurses, who washed the inmates, covered them in DDT and then wrapped them in clean towels before they were transported again.
Only twelve musical acts had peaked at number one in Canada before this year: Lionel Richie, Corey Hart, Billy Ocean, Mr. Mister, Starship, Madonna, George Michael, Huey Lewis and the News, Cyndi Lauper, The Human League, and Elton John and Stevie Wonder (credited as "Friends" on "That's What Friends Are For").
Callahan was an elected member of the Institute of Medicine, National Academy of Sciences; a member of the Director's Advisory Committee, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, and of the Advisory Council, Office of Scientific Responsibility, Department of Health and Human Services.
Essentially, slalom water skiers are using their body as a lever, which allows them to withstand loads that would otherwise not be possible for the human body.
The human body contains about 0.07 mg of molybdenum per kilogram of body weight, with higher concentrations in the liver and kidneys and lower in the vertebrae.
Baye knew that the power of human beings were becoming lower and spirits were stronger.
De Camp somewhat mitigates the problem by postulating the development of longevity treatments that extend human lifespans to two centuries.
A lengthy dialogue follows, between the Soul and the Intellect, on Worship, and on the relation of Free Will to Divine Predestination; Bahya insisting on human reason as the supreme ruler of action and inclination, and therefore constituting the power of self-determination as man's privilege.
How the Japanese centralized bureaucratic style of government was transferred to Korea; how they developed Korean human capital by a considerable expansion of education; how the Japanese invested heavily in infrastructure.
Before the instruction of the human figure, Buddha was represented only indirectly through his footprints.
Among bent-on-knees human artforms, there are semi-squatted individuals.
In addition to this, significant donations have been made to aid organizations such as UNICEF and Human Rights Watch.
At gunpoint, they confront the human captain who says he is cooperating because the vampires had threatened his family.
Billie Dean Howard states to Constance that a child that is conceived between a ghost and a human is the Antichrist and will usher in the Apocalypse.
The CRC is one of the ten UN human rights treaty-based bodies.
High-frequency (600 Hz) population spikes in human EEG delineate thalamic and cortical fMRI activation sites.
The vast illustrations of animal and plant life as well as human engagement with nature may be some of the earliest extensive corpus of such scenes.
Cuyahoga County Coroner Dr. Samuel Gerber estimated that the initial death toll stood at 200; however, Gerber was quoted in newspaper wire stories stating the magnitude of the fire and the intense temperatures had the power to vaporize human flesh and bone, making an exact count impossible until weeks after the disaster.
Uncontrolled decompression is an unplanned drop in the pressure of a sealed system, such as an aircraft cabin or hyperbaric chamber, and typically results from human error, material fatigue, engineering failure, or impact, causing a pressure vessel to vent into its lower-pressure surroundings or fail to pressurize at all.
With fully autonomous vehicles, the software and vehicle manufacturers are expected to be liable for any at-fault collisions (under existing automobile products liability laws), rather than the human occupants, the owner, or the owner's insurance company.
Through the years, Israel has accused Hamas of launching rockets from schools, residential buildings, mosques and hospitals and Hamas has repeatedly been accused of using civilians as a human shields.
David Stubbs from Uncut wrote that Pink's songs' "range, volatility and Simulaneist overload sounds like The Beatles circa 1967, The Human League, FM radio's Hall Of Fame, Phil Spector, Tiny Tim and the great R. Stevie Moore all frolicking at once in an acid bath in his own head."
These Inga Horrors lack unique Horror forms, mostly seen only in their human form even during battle while some can assume their true usual Horror form.
In 2013 the Human Brain Project, which has utilized techniques used by the Blue Brain Project and built upon them, created a Brain Simulation Platform (BSP), an internet-accessible collaborative platform designed for the simulation of brain models.
in organ transplants and terrorism information) can create avoidable human suffering.
The second is that the chacmool was a cuauhxicalli to receive blood and human hearts; this use is particularly relevant to the Aztecs, who used a cuauhxicalli bowl in place of the usual disc-altar.
Members of the Marcos family deny that human rights violations happened during the Marcos administration.
According to a 2007 report by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, almost five children die every day to child abuse and neglect and millions more reports are made every year of abuse.
Two races inhabit the valley, the Little People and a branch of an ancient Mongolian race; they worship the evil Kraken named Khalk'ru which they summon from another dimension to offer human sacrifice.
In 2021, she became the first Paraguayan (female) to run for the position of Judge of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights.
The Church advocates "establishing new relationships in human society, under the mastery and guidance of truth, justice, charity and freedom—relations between individual citizens, between citizens and their respective States, between States, and finally between individuals, families, intermediate associations and States on the one hand, and the world community on the other".
At the end of the game, the defeated player turned around to shake Burghardt's hand, telling him he was the greatest human being he had ever met.
 Human Arts Ensemble, Whisper of Dharma, Universal Justice, 1972
Hep G2 (or HepG2) is a  human liver cancer cell line.
Organizations such as the True Colors Fund and the Human Rights Campaign are safe spaces for the homeless LGBT youth to gain healthcare, housing, and education.
The trio brought the method known as AFF (Accelerated freefall), developed by the "School of Human Flight" to the aerodrome.
As a human rights organization, GNI seeks to safeguard freedom of expression and personal privacy against government restrictions.
Six academic units conduct research in Human Sciences and Applied Social Sciences.
Support for a pluralistic lifestyle, and respect for every human being, regardless of their religion, race, gender, or sexual orientation.
He defeats Cimu and releases his bond with Bai Ni, Boya and his demons, electing to leave them in the human world while he returns to the demon world.
In the Western world, familialism views the nuclear family of one father, one mother, and their child or children as the central and primary social unit of human ordering and the principal unit of a functioning society and civilization.
The academic discipline that deals with processes of human communication is communication studies.
In 2013 he reported the first clinical use of catalytic DNA in human subjects.
Biology: Each human cell contains 46 chromosomes.
The company was an artificial intelligence software company that created self-animated computer-generated human characters.
Physicians for Human Rights reports that nearly 60% of respondents to its survey observed Yugoslav forces removing or destroying personal identification documents.
Women for Women's Human Rights (WWHR) works to promote women’s rights in Turkey.
He also assembled the first human skeleton from cutting open cadavers.
Aware of the implied impropriety of a Supreme Pontiff's going back on a reprimand in a matter concerning Catholic faith and morals, but also deeply conscious that on a human level he had failed to keep his temper in check, he made his apology "as Achille Ratti" and in doing so stretched out his hand in friendship to Monsignor Roncalli.
José William Vesentini (born in 1950 in Presidente Bernardes) is a Brazilian human geographer.
She created the animals on different days, and human beings on the seventh day after the creation of the world.
Dubravka Šimonović (born 1958) is a Croatian jurist and specialist in human rights.
Writing about a 2019 production, reviewer Tina Collins calls the play "a thoughtful study of Amish life [that] slowly reveals the underlying complexity that characterizes the human condition as a whole."
In 1997 the IHPVA was reorganized into an international association with national organizations as members and an American association which adopted the name Human Powered Vehicle Association HPVA.
The human body also contains qi, but it only has a limited amount of qi.
Human Rights Committee, chaired by MP Zahid Oruj
First traces of human occupation date back to the Paleolithic.
Denis Mukwege is a gynecologist specializing in the treatment of women victimized by sexual violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Nadia Murad is a Yazidi human rights advocate who survived sexual slavery by the Islamic State in Iraq and published a memoir of the ordeal.
Flights 90 and 91 made Walker the first human to make multiple spaceflights according to the FAI definition of greater than 100 km (62 mi).
These films have served to boost inclusiveness and respect for human rights.
Freese, John, The Philosophy of the Immortality of the Soul and the Resurrection of the Human Body.
Xenophanes (c. 570 – c. 475 BC) noted that the knowledge of the Divine forms is restrained by the human imagination, and Greek philosophers realized that this knowledge can only be mediated through myth and visual representations, which are culture-dependent.
In 2018 Kigali scored 0.632 on the Human Development Index (HDI), a composite measure of life expectancy and health, education, and standard of living.
The finished episode, for Kerr, had a degree of "suburban darkness" in that, though the events unfold in a relatively unremarkable setting, the darker side of human nature is revealed.
Human Shadow Etched in Stone was originally part of the stone steps at the entrance of the Hiroshima Branch of Sumitomo Bank, located 260 meters from ground zero.
In 2019, Musique Plastique released a curated compilation of Guerilla Welfare songs called The Nature of Human Nature.
To all of the questions that the person asks, it makes appropriate responses, such that any Chinese speaker would be convinced that they are talking to another Chinese-speaking human being.
Software requires the concept of a general-purpose processor - what is now described as a Turing machine - as well as computer memory in which reusable sets of routines and mathematical functions comprising programs can be stored, started, and stopped individually, and only appears recently in human history.
Coastal pollution accruing from industrial and human sewage waste and the cumulative impacts of coastal development would mean tainting the water which the dolphins live in.
Knight wrote Kershner's direction made the characters more human with fewer archetypes.
In 2018, genetic analysis of Bradley's DNA showed that his great height is not the result of any physical or genetic disorders, but because he happened to inherit a natural but extremely rare combination of the thousands of genetic variants that determine human height.
Minister of Justice and Human Rights: Yusril Ihza Mahendra
Under the theme "Dialogue and Mutual Understanding", the resolution aims to encourage dialogue and understanding across generations and promote the ideals of peace, respect for human rights and freedoms, and solidarity.
One way to explain this simplification is by considering that the average mass density of the human body is typically close to 1 g/mL.
In his political history of racial identity, Bruce Baum wrote,"Jean-Joseph Virey (1774-1847), a follower of Chistoph Meiners, claimed that "the human races... may divided... into those who are fair and white and those who are dark or black."
The level of NM23 protein was inversely proportional to the metastatic potential for human solid tumors.
Targeted killings linked to the drug trade and paramilitary organizations including FARC and the United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia (AUC) resulted in large numbers of deaths among human rights and political activists, and women and children, throughout the 1990s.
In the development of a human embryo, most of the posterior cardinal veins regress, and what remains of them forms the renal segment of the inferior vena cava and the common iliac veins.
The linkage of health and security has the potential to threaten human rights or lead to the prioritisation of some diseases over other health needs.
While the realm has few prokaryotic viruses, it includes most eukaryotic viruses, including most human, animal, and plant viruses.
When threatened by anything as large as a human, a bullsnake's next defensive action is to rear up and make itself look as large as possible, while at the same time hissing at the perceived threat.
When the White House National Science and Technology Council released their revision of the National Space Policy in September 1996, it specifically lacked any mention of human space exploration beyond Earth's orbit.
There is very little continuity between episodes outside of the common fixtures of the two mice, though some plans for world domination from early episodes are subsequently referred to in later seasons; for example, Brain's mechanical human suit that was first used in "Win Big" reappears when Brain faces his rival Snowball in "Snowball".
In the Christian scriptures, the word  pneuma (plural pneumata) is used variously for the human soul, angelic or demonic spirits, and the Holy Spirit, depending on context or with a grammatical modifier.
Human Waste is Suffocation's debut EP released by Relapse Records.
Several people have campaigned on their behalf worldwide, and a pamphlet by Richard Hart, The Grenada Trial: A Travesty of Justice (Committee for Human Rights in Grenada, 1993), gives a critique of the trial process.
The human race has developed a new culture and is now living in five shielded mega-cities, struggling to survive from day to day.
T-47D cells are distinct from other human breast cancer cells in that their progesterone receptors are not regulated by estradiol, a hormone that is abundant within the cells themselves.
The first coffeehouses established in Oxford were known as penny universities, as they offered an alternative form of learning to structural academic learning, while still being frequented by the English virtuosi who actively pursued advances in human knowledge.
COHRE’s mission is to ensure the full enjoyment of the human right to adequate housing for everyone, everywhere, including preventing forced evictions of persons, families and communities from their homes or lands.
In recognition of his many years of human rights activism, he received the Man of Peace award from the Nobel Peace Prize Laureates in 2006, and in 2008, TIME magazine named Gabriel one of the 100 most influential people in the world.
July 5, 2009 - United States – Two monorails at Walt Disney World collide, killing 1; the cause was found to be human error.
There was some debate over the age of this creature initially because it was unclear if it grew at the speed of a human, or of an ape.
A candidate's market, combined with new consumer behavior, has led to the rise in importance of employer branding as a Human Resources and Marketing Discipline.
Based on recent and ongoing research, the southern Cape coast is believed to be the place where the lineage that led to all modern human beings was born.
Responding to chronic disease needs following disasters: a rethink using the Human Security approach.
According to Leila Alikarimi, the group straightened the voice of Iranian civil society by calling for an open dialogue with the Iranian government to enhance the situation of human rights in Iran.
There Prometheus gives Ford the black exoskeleton suit of the Destroyer before they proceed to awaken a human woman, Andromeda, from hundreds of years of stasis.
The phrase was used in the sitcom My Living Doll in which the android protagonist, Rhoda Miller, uttered the phrase regularly when confronted with contradictory information, usually in relation to human behavior.
It is commonly found in the human microbiome and is associated with various infections.
With cooperation and contributions from Kurt Lewin in the USA, the publication of Human Relations, the Tavistock Journal began, and Trist commented that this gave the Tavistock credibility in the USA, saying, "its articles wouldn't have been accepted by any of the other British psychological journals".
Åkesson studied political science, law, economics, human geography and philosophy at Lund University and has stated that he became interested in politics around this time.
In Congress, Uranga is the Secretary of the Commission on Human Rights.
The use of strip searches and cavity searches by law enforcement agencies and in the prison system has raised human rights concerns.
 President of the Justice and Human Rights Committee
Featuring puppets of roughly two-thirds human size, each puppet was controlled by a maximum of three men.
Ma researches how the human brain represents and processes uncertainty.
The First Spiritual Wave brings about the Creation – it effects the Involution of the Spirit into material, and the world and the human being are created.
At rest, the human brain receives 15% of total cardiac output, and uses 20% of the body's energy consumption.
Clement attributes his source to a "collection of marvels" by a certain "Monimos" of whom nothing is known, and claims, in pursuit of his thesis that daimon-worshipers become as cruel as their gods, that in "Pella of Thessaly human sacrifice is offered to Peleus and Cheiron, the victim being an Achaean".
Livestock, suffering from the same conditions as the human population, are consumed or sold to buy emergency foods.
He also writes: "It is only when the core of being has showed itself as social becoming, that the being itself can appear as a product, so far unconscious, of human activity, and this activity, in turn, as the decisive element of the transformation of being."
Fedor is also a member of the Ohio Attorney General's Human Trafficking Commission.
Kaltenborn later stated, "We can all be human with Truman.
In 2002, the Israeli Army used Nidal Abu Muihsein as a human shield, causing his death; Eitam called this "very moral".
Proponents of a shift to a more environmentally protective system of law contend that current legal and economic systems fail because they consider nature fundamentally as property, which can be degraded for profit and human desire.
These reliefs consist of a weathered human figure that standing close to the door and his face is toward right.
Eccleston accepted the role and helped Davies make the character more human after he observed "Baxter was getting lost amid his loftier pronouncements".
Sharmili is impressed with Dev's fighting skill and believes he is a good human being, so she falls in love with him.
 Exploration of human genome structures
 Speaking Geek: Translating Typical for the Human Spectrum
Incoming minister of family affairs and human rights Damares Alves said the agency will continue its mission in Jair Bolsonaro's administration.
Adaptations related to hairlessness contributed to the increase in brain size, bipedalism, and the variation in human skin color.
In order to make repairs, the UNSC forge an alliance with human separatists hidden in an asteroid field whose help also allows them to partially repair the crippled Gettysburg.
On 6 August 2019, the Israeli lawyer Gabi Lasky received a Human Rights Award in the memory of the Swedish lawyer Anna Dahlbäck.
Tale of Tales, like Tarkovsky's Mirror, attempts to structure itself like a human memory.
The center also provides training to scientists worldwide on identifying human remains, from Malaysia, Thailand, India, the Middle East, South Africa, Mexico, and Libya.
They break up in "Basic Human Anatomy".
Potency draws its form from those collections of possibility that exemplify constellations whose status relative to actuality is “might-be.” Auxier argues that possibility is immediately experienced by human beings, and that its form is inferred by means of contrast with the experience of the “egress” of possibility.
The process is cost effective because it relies on computers rather than human effort, and is equally suitable for low-budget colorization and broadcast-quality or theatrical projection.
Across the UH system, the majority of research funding comes from the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Defense, the Department of Education, the National Science Foundation, the Department of Commerce, and the National Aeronautics Space Administration (NASA).
Throughout the years, she continued to serve as projection designer for shows, both on and off-Broadway and nationwide, notably The Will Rogers Follies, Disney's Beauty And The Beast, Company (1995 Rvival), Paul Simon's The Capeman, The Music Man, Children of a Lesser God, The Glass Menagerie, The Human Comedy, The Heidi Chronicles, Into the Woods, A Christmas Carol.
A trial is currently in progress at the Inter-American Court of Human Rights (IACHR).
The history of human impact on the colony through the occupation of Hallett Station, and the subsequent closure of the station, together with the availability of reliable historical data on colony population size, make the site unique and ideal for the study of impacts on, and recovery of, the colony after substantial ecosystem disturbance.
The exact causes of this increase are unclear; theories including increased human travel, more frequent exchange of second-hand furnishings, a greater focus on control of other pests, and increasing resistance to pesticides.
The text challenges the reader to imagine how viruses and vaccines might interact if they had human behaviours and qualities.Viruses are monsters that silently attack and cause suffering, while a vaccine is a dog that is always loyal and protective of people.
In 1989 Peter and Eileen Norton founded the Peter Norton Family Foundation, which gives financial support to visual and contemporary non-profit arts organizations, as well as human social services organizations.
The Detroit News engaged "The Human Fly" Harry H. Gardiner to scale the building's exterior in 1916 as a promotional stunt.
The Department of Human Services provides a number of assistance programs to help Oklahomans by administering federal programs for food benefits and Temporary Assistance for Needy Families; and the state's child welfare, developmental disabilities, aging, adult protective, and child support systems; and child care assistance, licensing and monitoring.
Hyenas readily scavenge from human corpses; in Ethiopia, hyenas were reported to feed extensively on the corpses of victims of the 1960 attempted coup and the Red Terror.
Reduced levels occur because the malaria parasite, Plasmodium falciparum, utilizes human hemoglobin as its major energy source.
An environmentalist can be considered a supporter of the goals of the environmental movement, "a political and ethical movement that seeks to improve and protect the quality of the natural environment through changes to environmentally harmful human activities".
Since then, he continued to publish on the topic of mercury and human health and believed that dental amalgam and other dental practices were responsible for a range of serious diseases.
Varmint hunting is also potentially selecting for behavioral changes that are desired, animals avoiding human populated areas, crops, and livestock.
 A firm belief in universal human rights
Zhanna also retains something human in her eyes, despite constant swearing and drunkenness.
Most human settlements are concentrated on the central hill.
HRU was created as a result of critical necessity, identified in high-level studies by the Chief Human Capital Officers (CHCO) Council in 2009.
Mira talks with Arman and teaches him to live as a human.
He sat on the House Appropriations, Consumer Affairs, Health and Human Services and Professional Licensure Committees and was also a member of the House Republican Policy Committee.
CLEPUL's activities and projects are dedicated to bridge great gaps in Human and Social Sciences, by making available to the public high quality reference works in its field of expertise and complete works of pioneer sources of Portuguese and Lusophone culture and literature, such as works by Manuel Antunes, Mário Martins, Diogo de Teive and Fernão de Oliveira.
The Human Interface Board also (HMI), in addition to the OLED display plus audio, a touch and SD / MMC function.
Tuila'epa was the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance under Tofilau Eti Alesana following the Human Rights Protection Party's return to power after the coalition government of Va'ai Kolone and Tupua.
A conch piercing is a perforation of the part of the external human ear called the "concha", for the purpose of inserting and wearing jewelry.
In the end, the evolved avians decide to retroactively remove the time travel science from human hands, thereby rendering all of the events up to that point irrelevant.
In Book III of An Essay Concerning Human Understanding (1690), philosopher John Locke contrasts between civil and philosophical discourse (or rhetorical discourse) with the former being for the benefit of the reader, and the public good:
The author uses Alex as an example for all human beings.
Haplogroup T is a human mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) haplogroup.
From 1991 to 1999, Sumwalt conducted aviation-safety research as a consultant to NASA's Aviation Safety Reporting System, where he studied flight-crew human factors.
16 — The United Nations Human Rights Council passes a declaration which for the first time condemns discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
As a part of its human resource development for the nation and beyond, Nursing Institute of AFMI started conducting BSc (Nursing) and Diploma in Nursing and Midwifery courses to produce nursing staff for national health services.
Psycho-philosophical research on Human nature (Dunken, Bs.As.
Partly because of these differences, it has been difficult to define clear roles for the epoxygenase-epoxide pathways in human physiology and pathology.
In 1968, Tom Murton alleged that three human skeletons found on the farm were the remains of inmates who had been subjected to torture, prompting a publicized investigation which found "a prison hospital served as torture chamber and a doctor as chief tormentor."
The mission of the club is to create positive contributions to society through the specific human, intellectual, organizational and professional values provided by MIT.
 human cultivation of soil, plowing or tilling are unnecessary, as is the use of powered machines
He represents the negativity of all human emotions.
Dysregulation of FOXA transcription factors have been linked to several types of human cancers, including acute myeloid leukemia and cancer of the esophagus, lung, thyroid, pancreas, breast and prostate.
Gastronomy involves discovering, tasting, experiencing, researching, understanding and writing about food preparation and the sensory qualities of human nutrition as a whole.
In his October Meet the Press appearance, Buchanan referred to the drug as "a human pesticide" and stated that he would oppose its being placed on the market, including by way of appointments to the FDA.
She created the souls of human beings with her spouse.
Words such as Dvijanman appear in chapter 1.60 of Rigveda, but the context is not human beings, but "fire" once born in the heaven and then brought and born again on the earth.
Israel said that it tried to avoid civilians, and had distributed leaflets calling on civilian residents to evacuate, but that Hezbollah stored weapons in and fired from civilian areas and transferred weapons using ambulances, making those areas legitimate targets, and used civilians as human shields.
Over time, they acquired a taste for physical nutriment, and as they consumed it, their bodies became heavier and more like human bodies; they lost their ability to shine, and began to acquire differences in their appearance.
The Manitoba Human Rights Commission (MHRC) accepted the complaint and began an investigation that would last five years.
 "It is ancient wisdom, but it is also a little cheap, to call all human activity 'play'.
In Bluebeard chapter 24, Paul Slazinger is working his first volume of non-fiction titled "The Only Way to Have a Successful Revolution in Any Field of Human Activity."
Purinergic receptors have been implicated in the vascular complications associated with diabetes due to the effect of high-glucose concentration on ATP-mediated responses in human fibroblasts.
Some chatterbots are designed for specific purposes, while others converse with human users on a wide range of topics.
Wu Luan enquires at an apothecary, who reveals that the poison used is made from Arsenic trioxide and black scorpions, and nothing on earth is more deadly except for "the human heart".
Human presence within the modern city limits of National City may have begun as early as 130,000 years ago, as allegedly evidenced at the Cerutti Mastodon site.
 Human Rights Situation in Nepal, India Habitat Centre New Delhi, India, 27–28 February 2008.
These groups successfully travelled the road but none made any comment on the political or human rights situation on Burma afterward.
 Karlene Faith Canadian writer, feminist, scholar, and human rights activist
Based on these promising preclinical findings, efforts are underway to assess NV-5138 in clinical trials with human subjects.
Some lottery proceeds offset the cost of a Minnesota Department of Human Services' compulsive gambling program to the amount of approximately $2 million annually by 2015.
 Human remains are found in Waterfoot, County Antrim; it is believed that they may be those of Peter Wilson, who was last seen alive in 1973 at the age of 21 and whose disappearance was linked to the Northern Ireland Troubles.
She says Kim was sent to Earth as an embryo and implanted in a human woman.
The PgDip is aimed at staff of NGOs and human rights association activists; civil servants from the different local, community and national administrations; staff from international and inter-governmental organisations; and citizens willing to be involved in social transformation processes.
In Paris he studied drawing "the human figure" and continued developing his youthful skill in caricature.
In space, defence, security, or the nuclear industry, but also in logistics, maintenance, and inspection, autonomous robots are particularly useful in replacing human workers performing dirty, dull or unsafe tasks, thus avoiding workers' exposures to hazardous agents and conditions and reducing physical, ergonomic and psychosocial risks.
Information on Ukrainian military human and weapons resources.
He told reporters he had been made to stand naked in front of prison guards and was then given a prison uniform covered with human excrement and lice when he arrived in jail.
The game only allows a single human player to play against the computer, with no multiplayer option.
It was the first new album from The Human League in five years after the termination of their long-term contract with Virgin Records.
In March 2017, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that 465,000 people had died in the conflict, of which 96,000 civilians, and an additional 145,000 civilians were missing.
Enforcement Instruments for Social Human Rights along Supply Chains.
In continental philosophy (particularly phenomenology and existentialism), there is much greater tolerance of ambiguity, as it is generally seen as an integral part of the human condition.
a corporation is only a legal entity or fictitious legal person and so can only act through the agency of human beings to get anything done.
It is known as the site of brown bear bones bearing the mark of butchery, which have pushed back the first known human habitation of Ireland by over two thousand years.
However, there are thousands of sites in human DNA with this nucleotide sequence but, for unknown reasons, GATA2 binds to <1% of these.
Full House Poker also offers TV-style live poker events with season-long tournaments and more traditional Texas Hold Em' matchups with up to 30 human or computer-controlled players.
All the darkest crevices of the human psyche come out in tonight’s episode, “The Grove,” and while it’s one thing when you see a character like the Governor do shocking, demented things, it’s far more upsetting and uncomfortable to see a child, a little girl, doing them.
It was concluded that human hunting and/or competition played a major role in their decline and ultimate disappearance, and that climate change was not likely to have been the dominant factor.
Aaron Anthony Rhodes (born 1949) is an American-born German international human rights activist and writer.
The "older" K9 materializes in London in the future and in the midst of an incident where an alien species is threatening human lives.
"R.A.B," the first dance performance to integrate 3-D human movement computer animation with live performance; went on to tour most notably to Chicago’s Arie Crown Theater for SIGGRAPH.
An individual who believes that the Privacy Rule is not being upheld can file a complaint with the Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights (OCR).
8: The Mormon Proposition is an American documentary that examines The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and its support of California Proposition 8, stating that the church has been actively involved in the denial of LGBT human rights.
He also exhibited greater strength, speed, reflexes, resiliency to injury, and tolerance to pain than the average human being.
Best Man Project A project, organized by a man known only as "Director", to create a perfect, immortal human.
That proposition is a development of the early Neoplatonic theology of Plotinus in which an aspect of a human soul that has progressed into the material universe simultaneously participates in the hypostasis of Nous.
Human Rights Watch later announced that at least 22 people escaped the basement, and 28 were confirmed dead, of whom 16 were children, with 13 more than still missing.
The modes of distribution of wealth is a matter of human institutions solely, starting with what Mill believed to be the primary and fundamental institution: Individual Property.
A time-slot dispute occurred between SM Entertainment and MBC when SM insisted to have Kangin stay on SBS' Explorers of the Human Body instead of MBC's Sunday Sunday Night Dong-An Club, in which Kangin was a regular host.
Hapax (Devan Leos) is a mutant human who once taught the Annihilator how to use his powers.
In a 1999 interview with Sylvie Mikowski, Wilson said he "wanted to avoid writing a novel in which anyone knew the names of the guns, and I wanted to write about violence responsibly, but in particular what I really wanted to do was to show the weight of a human life lost."
He added that Popular Will does "not share the vision of a hegemonic state that controls everything and decides everything"; rather, government's role is to promote the development of human capabilities, to help people flourish as free citizens, to cultivate "social solidarity," and to foster "respect for the constitution."
5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin) receptor 3B, also known as HTR3B, is a human gene.
It is aimed at sales management, customer service, marketing, and can be utilised by human resource departments.
Through this adaption human groups can either evolve or expand into complex societies.
Qiu, Chun's childhood friend, discovers her undertaking; since beings from the human world are forbidden, he promises to help her keep her task secret.
The project works to combine knowledge of the human genome sequence with high throughput mutation detection techniques.
Despite being a major fresh water source,  Occoquan Reservoir is listed on Virginia's Dirty Water List, with recorded high levels of phosphorus, turbidity, low dissolved oxygen, the presence of copper sulfate and the growing presence of pharmaceuticals, largely due to human land uses, population pressure and poor management.
Each show is hosted by Jake Austen, who portrays Ratso, a teenage puppet rat, and Mia Park as human sidekick Miss Mia.
All the amino acids of p53 that are important for binding ASPP2 are mutated in human cancers.
Eventually, the three more powerful and mature of Elda's six siblings get involved, human brother Blade and griffins Kit and Callette.
When a human becomes frightened, Plasm is generated.
A study of the mammal biomass during modern human expansion into the northern Mammoth steppe found that it had occurred under conditions of unlimited resources, and that many of the animals were killed with only a small part consumed or were left unused.
The distinctive Qee (pronounced Key) design resembles a round and squat human form, and features a variety of animal heads and a broad range of paint applications.
Faust was a human who'd claimed that he would not be corrupted by Mephisto's temptations, so they'd entered a contractual wager, with God acting as the judge.
Goffman presented impression management dramaturgically, explaining the motivations behind complex human performances within a social setting based on a play metaphor.
The railroad crew knew who the little critter belonged to and promptly returned him on another train, further investigation proved Billy performed the entire feat without human assistance, in fact, it became a habit.
In order to attain liberation (moksha), a human being must acquire self-knowledge (atma jnana), which is to realize that one's true self (Ātman) is identical with the transcendent self Brahman according to Advaita Vedanta.
retail, customer service, and administration - volunteering at Australian Red Cross Shops (which help fund services), the Melbourne Supporter Services Centre, or in organisational positions like human resources, finance, or legal.
Palmer was one of the first members of the Kentucky Commission on Human Rights which is charged with enforcement authority.
The initial work of Memoria Abierta included actions aimed at founding a Memory Museum, an extensive program of archival treatment of historical-institutional documents of human rights organizations and the construction of an Oral Archive of testimonies in film format on State terrorism.
Biblical rules also control the use of agriculture produce, for example, with respect to their tithing, or when it is permitted to eat them or to harvest them, and what must be done to make them suitable for human consumption.
No fukiishi, haniwa or trace of a moat have been discovered, although shards of Haji ware pottery and some human bones were found.
 Welger, Helmut: Kosmopoliti human (Homaranismo).
The US Department of State report about human rights in Cyprus in 2002 said that:
This means that there are no other planets in our universe which contain human life which is as developed as on Earth.
Sarah Catherine Sharples (born 1972) is a British academic specialising in human factors and ergonomics.
EGCG – the most abundant catechin in tea – is a polyphenol under basic research for its potential to affect human health and disease.
The venture capital industry follows the concept of "high risk, high return", innovative entrepreneurship, knowledge-based ideas and human capital intensive enterprises have become common as venture capitalists invest in risky finance to encourage innovation.
Saskatchewan Human Rights Commission v Whatcott (2013) 
Bass found himself in the midst of further controversy later that year when he, along with then-boyfriend Reichen Lehmkuhl, was awarded 2006 Human Rights Campaign Visibility Award on October 7, 2006.
Qhapaq hucha was the Inca practice of human sacrifice, mainly using children.
The main hall provides a large open space which has been used for experiments in human echo-location.
(Like most Borrower names "borrowed" from human objects, Stainless is named after items in the kitchen cutlery drawer.)
It offers its solutions to monitor and control labor costs, address staffing challenges, automate time and attendance, track and manage human resource data, manage payroll in real time, and base workloads on patient classification.
The Human Mechanism: Its Physiology and Hygiene and the Sanitation of its Surroundings (with William Thompson Sedgwick, 1906)
Mirza Malkam Khan was influenced by Rousseau's ideas, which placed a strong emphasis on the awakening of human beings and believed that without freedom and spontaneity, no society would have real value.
In these models, human development, both individual and collectively, is conceptualized as going through a number of structural stages, from the primitive psychophysical genesis to the full-grown rational, cognitive and moral abilities, and beyond to transpersonal stages in which unconscious drives are fully recognized and integrated, and the sense of a separate identity is loosened or abandoned.
Larger objects will store more energy, which may be directly hazardous to human contact or which may give a spark that can ignite flammable gas or dust.
This includes Human T-lymphotrophic viruses (HTLVs), bovine leukaemia virus (BLV) and simian T-lymphotropic viruses (STLVs).
Human nature doesn't seem to have changed very much since Cedric's time."
The aliens from the planet Remulak aboard, Beldar Clorhone and his "genetomate", Prymaat, survive and quickly adapt to the human way of life, despite standing out with their conical-shaped heads and metallic-sounding voices.
However, explicit discussion of human evolution is often missing, e.g.
Municipal Human Development Index: 0.621 (2000)
He escapes the tannery by starting a fire and finds momentary safety with an old drunkard named Ezequiel, the last full-blooded human in Imboca.
At one such fair Gillyard and her partner won a prize for a wooden replica they made of a human skeleton.
It was established with a view to promote research and development activities in bioinformatics and biotechnology, with a focus on creation of high quality research environment and human resources.
 Cairo Declaration on Human Rights in Islam, adopted in 1990 by the Organisation of the Islamic Conference
Qadariyyah is an originally derogatory term designating early Islamic theologians who asserted human beings are ontologically free and have a perfect free will, whose exercise justifies divine punishment and absolving God of responsibility for evil in the world.
2000 (Archie Joke Generating Laugh Unit), a running-gag from the Comics Curmudgeon, depicting a computer who does not quite understand human humor, but nonetheless is employed to write the jokes for the Archie Comics strip
Their efforts culminated in the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA) of 1990, a bill passed to protect Indigenous cultural sites and respect the human remains and other sacred funerary items of Indigenous peoples.
Topics include Quaternary and modern environments, human and ecosystem ecology, biogeochemistry, landscape evolution, hydrology, oceanography, and climate.
More abundant constituents with lower human and environmental impact
In May 2017, Black Lives Matter was awarded the Sydney Peace Prize, which "honours a nominee who has promoted 'peace with justice', human rights and non-violence".
The former are subject to the development of one's capacities and aspirations as human potential for pleasing, shaped by social interaction.
A few months later, the first edition of his now much-discussed work, The Mechanism of Human Physiognomy, was published.
Amritt provides its clients with training workshops on topics like human resources issues in India, the financial and legal environment, and Indian culture.
ad hoc processes, empowerment, human interaction workflows), which seems to be not well supported by methodologies based on e.g.
The complexities of the human visual system and the relationship between different types of acuity are not yet fully understood.
Human NK T cells are a unique population (which express NK cell markers such as CD56 and KIR).
The two scholars proposed this term to bring the primary focus upon the human use and consequences of PCTs.
Now, Moranak Meada was turned into a bird by a fairy and flew to live with her husband for waiting for becoming human again, but one of the king's girls hated the bird and wanted to kill it.
It promises to be a binge watchers paradise with thrilling real-life stories, fascinating characters, and raw human emotion.
Her writing is characterised by the Observer columnist Barbara Ellen as "defiantly human, female liberal, sane, amused, authentic and often revolutionary in its candid audacity."
While leaving, Hannah states that she doesn't like the idea of angels taking on human values, as she fears it would lead to chaos.
In the 18th century a human skeleton, together with the picks made from deer's antlers, were found in one of the chalk tunnels – possibly the body of one of the Neolithic flint miners.
The biology and ecology of these specific host-mite interactions have been well studied, likely due to the significant relevance of mosquitoes to human health.
 United Nations: Human Development Index 2011, ranked 65 out of 187 countries
According to Carpenter in the Bulletin of the Institute of Classical Studies, "the most brilliant features of the Parthenon sculptures is in the depiction of drapery ... Drapery became a means of both setting off and articulating the human form."
iCell Cardiomyocytes have been found to display electrical properties similar to those of human cardiomyocytes.
The Human Rights Act (1993) and the Employment Relations Act 2000 prohibit sex discrimination in all aspects of employment, including pay.
Newer examples include Near Dark (1987) directed by Kathryn Bigelow, which tells the story about a human falling in love with a vampire.
Unlike most of the Pei'an deities, who tend to be chimeras like Egyptian gods, Shimbo is also unmistakably human, showing that the Pei'ans had visited Earth in the distant past.
In the novel The Eye of God (2013) by James Rollins, Vigor receives a package from Father Josip Tarasco that contains a skull and an ancient book bound in human skin.
In his other capacity, he was responsible to the Secretary of the Air Force for managing the vast human and materiel resources of the world's most powerful aerospace force.
In Ferdowsi's tenth-century Shahnameh, they are already the evil entities endowed with roughly human shape and supernatural powers familiar from later folklore, in which the divs are described as ugly demons with supernatural strength and power, who, nonetheless, may sometimes be subdued and forced to do the bidding of a sorcerer.
Though her husband declines to help the human resistance, Persephone is sexually attracted to Neo and offers to help him if he kisses her with the same passion with which he has kissed Trinity.
With human subjects, the plurality indicator -bo is used to either indicate a set of people in a group (4a), a category of people (4a, and 5), or with numerous people who are acting separately (4a, and 6).
Aware of the rich and diverse human and institutional resources at the grass roots level, the new union would be devoted to building strong partnerships between governments and all segments of society.
Conservation International report they are living at high altitudes, and far from human settlements.
Retrieved on 2013-06-29.</ref> and the PlayStation 3 tech demo Kara (2012) as the titular character, a role she reprised in the video game Detroit: Become Human (2018).
In June 2019, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Michelle Bachelet, documented dozens of extrajudicial killings in Venezuela and included among her report's recommendations to disband the Special Action Forces (FAES) and open an independent investigation of their actions.
The score on the Municipal Human Development Index was 0.730.
"Botanic Gardens Resources: Tangible and Intangible Aspects of Linking Biodiversity and Human Well-Being", Hiroshima Peace Science Journal, 28 (2006), pp.
For centuries, the extraterrestrial waited for human knowledge to evolve enough to unlock the source of its deadly potential.
In its ruling, the Supreme Court maintained that since the women–and their 56 collective children–were not in Dutch territory, the Netherlands could not invoke human rights treaties it is a signatory to as a legal obligation.
The report also urges to set up a COI to investigate the issue of human rights violations in Kashmir.
In 2012, the United Nations Human Rights Commission (UNHRC) issued a statement welcoming the publication of this report (while acknowledging problems therein) and urging the Sri Lankan government to follow up by working with the UNHRC.
AhR activation in human hematopoietic progenitor cells (HPs) drives an unprecedented expansion of HPs, megakaryocyte- and erythroid-lineage cells.
Defamation of recognized religions also remains a crime, as does "distributing false information", a charge on which the pre-revolutionary government prosecuted dissidents and human rights activists.
In the recent uprising, many of the LUCHA activists arrested during Dec 19, 2016 have been released, including the 23 year old Gloria Sengha Panda Shala according to Ida Sawyer a Human Rights Watch Director in Central Africa.
The piece was used in part because of the distinct tempo which roughly mimics the sound of a beating human heart.
In the song, Residente theorizes that the main motivation behind all human activity is sex.
Reflections on Language is a 1975 book in which MIT linguist Noam Chomsky argues for a rationalist approach to human nature.
He also taught the same honors undergraduate course, "Communication and Human Values", at New York University.
Human activities change the amount of carbon in the atmosphere directly through the burning of fossil fuels and other organic material, thus oxidizing the organic carbon and producing carbon dioxide.
While it was initially targeted at sex workers with a female majority, it was gradually extended to trafficking of human beings.
She became the Dean of its College of Human Environmental Sciences in 1989.
The U.N. Human Rights Council inquiry determined that patient rights had "...been violated under the UN Convention against Torture and other international standards" in 2013.
Human Language Evolution, as Coframed by Behavioral and Psychological Universalisms, Bloomington: iUniverse Publishers.
Assumptions about human nature and impact of philosophical concepts on professional issues.
Closed forest covers two thirds of the ecoregion, mostly broadleaf evergreen trees, but much of this is second-growth or otherwise disturbed by human activities.
The Institute for Security Studies, also known as ISS or ISS Africa (to distinguish itself from other similarly named institutes in other parts of the world), described itself as follows: "an African organisation which aims to enhance human security on the continent.
It has therefore been argued based on constitutional grounds (the right to human dignity, and the right to freedom of scientific research) that the above limitations on embryo research are overly inhibitive of the autonomy of scientists, and hence unconstitutional.
The Virtual Martin she has created  from fragments of Martin's brain is far from human.
Two million feet of Marshall's 16mm documentary footage along with thousands of hours of video footage as well as edited films and videos of Juǀʼhoansi are held at the Human Studies Film Archives, Smithsonian Institution.
That means destroying embryos which, if implanted in the mother's womb, would have grown into human beings.
Two definitions of the field include: "the scientific study of human behavior and its transmission, taking into account the ways in which behaviors are shaped and influenced by social and cultural forces" and "the empirical study of members of various cultural groups who have had different experiences that lead to predictable and significant differences in behavior".
Commissioner Turkel supported a July 2020 Commerce Department announcement sanctioning eleven Chinese companies involved in alleged human rights abuses in Xinjiang commenting that the decision, "will help ensure that the fruits of American innovation and industry are not inadvertently fueling outrageous religious freedom and labor violations."
That dental crowding is due to a redundant number of human teeth, and that this redundancy is due to a modern softer diet compared to a more primitive past, and is more conservatively managed by a combination of dental extractions and orthodontic treatments
For Eakins, this picture was an opportunity to display his mastery of the human form.
The promoter that is supported by the greatest number of mRNA transcripts is 1525 bp long and spans the base pairs 44014913–44016437 on the negative strand of human chromosome 17.
emissions  - substances such as gases or particles discharged into the atmosphere as a result of natural processes of human activities, including those from chimneys, elevated point sources, and tailpipes of motor vehicles.
The anthropologist Wilton M. Krogman for example identified Nordic racial crania in his work "The Human Skeleton in Forensic Medicine" (1986) as being "dolichochranic".
After 1965, a national park was established covering an area of  where human activity is not allowed.
 When referring to an experiment or clinical trial, the process by which animal or human subjects are assigned by chance to separate groups that compare different treatments or other interventions.
Jórunn's research group participated in The International Cancer Genome Consortium (ICGC), that defined mutation patterns that characterize 20 of the commonest human cancers.
From professor Syomin, Matroskin learned to understand and speak the human language.
He observed with respect to the phrase "within its jurisdiction": "The term 'person', used in the Fifth Amendment, is broad enough to include any and every human being within the jurisdiction of the republic.
Presidents of the National Human Rights Commission (Mexico)
The construction of Chippendale was the result of human tragedy in the Forth family.
Malcolm X wrote to Yuri Kochiyama as he traveled around the world, and received a promise from the United Nations that they would address the mistreatment of Negroes as a human rights issue and not a civil rights issue.
This protest was led by the Tajamuka/Sesjikile, National Vendors Union and Restoration of Human Rights groups.
Working with Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights and the Diverse Asset Managers Initiative, the Center convened in 2018 representatives from 13 of the largest college and university endowments in the United States to develop best practices to identify and hire diverse firms, owned by women and minorities to manage university funds.
 "Data belongs to the human race".
The concentrations of listed pesticides were all significantly above comparison values and therefore of concern for human and environmental health.
Rather, it was because the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, killing hundreds of thousands of innocent women and children, burning and poisoning [the population], a tragedy without precedent in human history, leading Japan to sue for unconditional surrender.
Human published the game by themselves in Japan whereas Nintendo did it overseas.
Beatriz Becerra, Vice President of the Subcommittee on Human Rights of the European Parliament, described Requesens' situation as him being "kidnapped, tortured, humiliated" and denounced that this had happened to him in particular because he had only shortly before been awarded the Sakharov Prize.
While the North Korean constitution formally guarantees protection of human rights, in practice there are severe limits on freedom of expression, and the government closely supervises the lives of North Korean citizens.
Plato's Phaedrus and his later work The Republic discuss thumos as one of the three constituent parts of the human psyche.
Before the development of haploid cells, much of this research was limited to microbes and other simple cells, but now the research can be applied to its target cell type: the human cell.
The effect of the drug is directly proportional to the dosage and its effects are comparable to human medications such as rofecoxib and piroxicam.
According to Trouillard, learned ignorance is essential to human dignity and its cosmic role:God does not know himself.
Saudi Arabia's state-sponsored Saudi Human Rights group blamed the U.S. for the deaths.
Mishima said that His Majesty had become a human when he should be a God.
(I) Introduced – Species established in North America as a result of  human action
A spellmaster, a human who made a contract with a demon and becomes capable of using their powers, who is assigned to Oga's class.
 Conflict Within: Challenging Sovereignty and Human Solidarity
He became deeply involved in the activities of the Kenya Human Rights Commission (KHRC), the Historical Association of Kenya and the Council for the Development of Economic and Social Research in Africa (CODESRIA).
In 2019, the university's Natural Resources Institute was awarded a Queen's Anniversary Prize for its research in pest management and control to combat human and animal diseases in the UK and internationally; in 2015 it won a prize for work on the cassava crop in Africa.
NCI-Nature Pathway Interaction Database is a free biomedical database of human cellular signaling pathways (new official name: NCI Nature Pathway Interaction Database: Pathway, synonym: PID).
Finding him guilty of murder, the panel of appeal judges described the case as "a human tragedy of Shakespearean proportions".
in the way that living human bodies are organized), mental properties emerge  in a way not fully accountable for by physical laws.
Many of these things can lead to interruptions in the human body like the oral cavity and gut flora which has been linked to a variety of diseases such as IBD, ulcerative colitis, allergies and more.
The structure and function of LTag resembles that of the human papillomavirus oncoproteins.
He received the award for his work for refugees in Norway, and to strengthen the knowledge and respect for human rights among physicians and health professionals.
Catholic social doctrine has always tried to find an equilibrium between respect for human liberty, including the right to private property and subsidiarity, and concern for the whole society, including the weakest and poorest.
According to legend, a life-sized wind-up human girl was discovered in his luggage aboard a ship in which he was traveling to Sweden, and was thrown overboard by order of the ship's Captain.
The trials were pivotal in the development of international human rights and bioethics.
computer simulations have also been used to formally model theories of human cognition and performance, e.g., ACT-R.
For example, the human body louse transmits the bacterium Rickettsia prowazekii which causes epidemic typhus.
The series featured mixes of human and cartoon animal material.
When a nurse seduces it, it learns about sex; when next seduced, the changeling is unaware that it has hurt the woman badly, and in 1932 it is sent to a "private insane asylum", where it learns a great deal more about the range of human behaviors than a coddled rich boy normally would.
The proclamation of human rights and the recognition of the value of the individual have become effective only after the development of mind and spread of education.
NKDB also enhanced its role in the education of relevant North Korean issues, beginning with the North Korean Human Rights Academy in 2011.
The U.S. Health and Human Services department also has a guideline for 60 minutes a day of physical activity.
Ludwig von Mises, in Human Action: A Treatise on Economics:
It had been declared by the Court of Appeal to be contrary to Article 1 of the First Protocol of the European Convention on Human Rights.
In Ultimate Human, although he is never seen on page, Tony Stark is seen talking to him on a cell phone, and then continuing the conversation after he is in an Iron Man suit.
Skutnabb-Kangas, T. & Phillipson, R., Linguistic Human Rights: Overcoming Linguistic Discrimination,  Berlin: Mouton de Gruyter, 1994.
The Istanbul Convention states: "'violence against women' is understood as a violation of human rights and a form of discrimination against women ..." (Article 3 – Definitions).
This approach was used to produce a variety of biomedical products including human growth hormone and a vaccine for Hepatitis B, resulting in 4 US patents.
Using Shope's technique, Smith, Andrewes, and Laidlaw of England's Medical Research Council cultured it from a human in 1933.
Nello Cristianini and Teresa Scantamburlo argued that the combination of a human society and certain regulation algorithms (such as reputation-based scoring) forms a social machine.
However, in human form, they are far from invincible, and can still be injured or even killed if shot by guns.
An imperfect zombie or imp-zombie that's like p-zombie but has slightly different behavior than a regular human.
The study aimed to study human development from infancy to adulthood on a range of physical, psychological, and physiological characteristics.
Movin''' - Human Touch (2004)Shots - Damien Dempsey (2005)ZOOM ZOOM ZOOM - Aquarium (2005)Wayward Son - John Doyle (2005)Downriver - Karen Matheson (2005)Strategy - Horace X (2005)Earthsongs - Secret Garden (2005)The Essential Collection 1995–2005 - Ten (2005)Hands Across The Water - Various (2005)Folktopia - Music of Vertical Records, Vol.
In various ways, SPSSI seeks to bring theory and practice into focus on human problems of the group, the community, and nations, as well as on the increasingly important problems that have no national boundaries.
But Elizabeth Weitzman of The Wrap gave it low marks, writing, "The girls in this contemporary retelling ... are not messy and complex human beings but Hallmark Channel characters, two-dimensional symbols of virtuous nostalgia."
Together with the hominid remains at the Atapuerca Mountains, the tools are evidence that human ancestors settled in western Europe more than one million years (Ma) ago.
Meanwhile, the Canadian government has not taken any concrete action to stop human rights abuses against protesters in San Rafael Las Flores, which researcher Caren Weisbart calls "a critical failure to intervene in crimes of the powerful."
She also persuaded the delegates to adopt the following aim for the United Nations: "universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction as to race, sex, language, or religion."
The emblem of the estate is theatrical mask depicting a human face, the original purpose of which was to ward off evil spirits.
Duplex sequencing and the significant increase of sequencing accuracy has had an important impact on applications such as detection of rare human genetic variants, detection of subclonal mutations involved in mechanisms of resistance to therapy in genetically heterogeneous cancers, screening variants in circulating tumor DNA as a non-invasive biomarker, and prenatal screening for genetic abnormalities in a fetus.
Comodini Cachia has presented her research and reports on subjects related to human rights (focusing on Malta) to multiple European institutions.
As the 12th-largest human services charity in the United States, Christian Appalachian Project (CAP) served over 36,000 eastern Kentuckians in the last fiscal year.
New York's Department of Environmental Conservation has designated it Class A, suitable for all types of human use including consumption.
POWV human illnesses have been reported in the United States, Canada and Russia.
Plans were made to extend the research in the future by pitting the neurotic bot against a human player.
A human is a member of the genus Homo, of which Homo sapiens is the only extant species, and within that Homo sapiens sapiens is the only surviving subspecies.
In 1642, the Renaissance saw the invention of the mechanical calculator (by Wilhelm Schickard and several decades later Blaise Pascal), a device that was at times somewhat over-promoted as being able to perform all four arithmetic operations with minimal human intervention.
On February 17, 2022, the U.S. Senate confirmed Taylor in a voice vote to serve as United States ambassador to the United Nations Human Rights Council.
In the work of Foucault, biopolitics refers to the style of government that regulates populations through "biopower" (the application and impact of political power on all aspects of human life).
To develop the culture of sports and athleticism, the present-day College of Human Kinetics was established in 1978 as the College of Physical Education and Sports.
Influenced by Lorraine Hansberry, she wrote about "African Americans as human subjects and not as mere race subjects" [emphasis in the original].
One of the many suggestions in the official report that the Waki Commission made was that the Kenyan government establish a tribunal of both international and national judges to investigate and prosecute perpetrators of the gross human rights violations.
It's also found that E-selectin expression increased in human ruptured cerebral aneurysm tissues.
In the process of human respiration, inhaled fresh air is exhaled with a lower concentration of oxygen gas (O2) and higher concentration of carbon dioxide gas (CO2), causing a gradual reduction of O2 and buildup of CO2 in a completely unventilated room.
He also performed experiments on cadavers and collected human skulls.
As a result of this conference, the Beijing Platform for Action was established, and it is still one of the strongest commitments to women's human rights, and a sustainable, just and peaceful world to this day.
Dorea longicatena  is a Gram-positive, obligately anaerobic, non-spore-forming and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Dorea which has been isolated from human feces in Germany.
Human perception occurs by a complex, unconscious process of abstraction, in which certain details of the incoming sense data are noticed and remembered, and the rest is forgotten.
Many of these skeptics are blaming environmentalist for stopping human progress to make standard of living rise.
His next series was TV Dinners (1996), in one episode of which he notoriously flambéed and puréed a human placenta to then serve as pâté.
In 2014, the Utah Department of Human Services detailed students' claims that staff at Elevations were mistreating them, including using restraint on them too often when unwarranted and belittling them.
Lois McCallin (born c. 1956) holds the world record distance and endurance for female human powered flight.
Emotion constitutes a major influence for determining human behaviors.
Thus, the knowledge that "I am" is the core of a human being: the soul exists and is self-aware.
All these changes took place gradually, of course, over the course of tens of thousands of years, as a result of the changing modes of thought that controlled the actions of human beings.
On 14 October 2016, the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights expressed concern about Van Dái's detention and called for his release and the release of all individuals detained in connection with Article 88 and similar provisions.
In 2005, the Human Rights Department of the Academic College of Law in Ramat Gan filed a petition with the Israeli Supreme Court challenging the law.
2 and 13 of the European Convention of Human Rights, that there were deficiencies in the investigations around the death of Savas Buldan and ordered Turkey to pay her and her family 26'000€.
This enables their robots to have no ethical dilemma in harming non-Solarian human beings (and they are specifically programmed to do so).
Murli Manohar Joshi, former Minister of Home Affairs and Minister of Human Resource Development
In his 1995 Unabomber manifesto, he called attention to the erosion of human freedom by the rise of the modern "industrial-technological system".
The UN Special Rapporteur on human rights and the environment, David R. Boyd, called the case "a landmark decision" which "sets a precedent for courts around the world to follow".
More recently, in October 2013, she held a conference on Choir Singing, Social Capital and Human Development at the National Seminar on Music Education and Pedagogy organized by the Network of Music Schools in Medellín, Colombia.
The species limit of human life is estimated by scientists at 125–127 years, and even in the most ideal conditions a person will not live longer due to aging of the body.
Structural studies on the human SET7/9, a mono-methylase, have revealed the molecular basis for the specificity of the enzyme for the histone-target and the roles of the invariant residues in the SET domain in determining the methylation specificities.
After his successful southern subjugation and repair of the Wu–Shu alliance, Zhuge Liang, utilising his huge bureaucratic power and influence, carried out a series of human resource rearrangement.
Axthelm, who covered the Games wearing a button bearing the letters OPHR (Olympic Project for Human Rights, an organization founded by Harry Edwards), had befriended Smith and Carlos during the Games.
They wanted to see if a machine could take a piece of incomplete information and improve upon it to fill in the missing details as the human mind can do.
Urbanization and development of human residences can significantly affect the environment.
March 2: Erdoğan announces the Human Rights Action Plan.
It is extraordinary to overcome race, culture, language, sometimes gender, economic issues, and simply connect as human beings.
In his career of over 50 years, he traveled to over 80 countries, writing extensively about distant and exotic landscapes including the Arctic wilderness, exploring the relationships between human cultures and wild nature.
Many critics said the persecution of demons in human disguise was a metaphor for bigotry; for example, Megan Farokmanseh of The Verge commented the series is an allegory "about the cost of persecuting those we don't understand" and attacking people perceived as different.
It is the first center to focus on human rights as an integral part of business education.
Users called a toll-free number (800-2ChaCha) to have a human answer their questions via SMS.
Fossey strongly opposed wildlife tourism, as gorillas are susceptible to human anthroponotic diseases like influenza from which they have limited immunity.
The list is ordered by category of human endeavor.
According to Zippelius, law does not consist of "abstract" norms which are loosened from life, but it is "law in action", which is procreated by human action and thereby transformed into the reality of the contemporary culture.
The Unwritten by Mike Carey and Peter Gross, issue 32.5 (Feb 2012), retells part of the Epic in a way that fits the series' examination of story-telling in human history.
Her spiritual reading and writing was centered mostly in the Gospels; so, her theology placed the meaning of human suffering within existence in the Mystical Body of Christ.
Human Rights Watch has described Gikongoro town and province at the time of the genocide as "largely incoherent."
France has come to defend human dignity."
On November 28, 2013, the UNWGAD had ruled in favor of activists convicted during the same time with Minh Mẫn, stating that Vietnam violated its international human rights obligations and must “immediate[ly] release” the prisoners of conscience.
For this work on Kurdish rights, he was given a Human Rights Award by the United Nations Association of Washington, D.C. in 1998.
People decorated their homes and trees with paper flags; ritual races, processions, dances, songs, prayers, and finally human sacrifices were held.
She also has a fully human son named Joey Eliot.
In this way 4D products share similarities with responsive architecture, at the more human scale associated with products.
They are in a state of mental disorder because their minds are overcome by such intense spiritual energies that are far too much for them, forcing them to lose contact with the world, shed normal human habits and customs, and civilized society and live in a state of spiritual splendor but physical squalor.
), Readings in human relations (pp.
It could fit a full-size Volkswagen Beetle if put in sideways and features life-size faces, human figures, and 202 lights.
After forcing Pettigrew back into human form, Lupin and Sirius prepare to kill him, but Harry convinces them to turn Pettigrew over to the dementors.
In Why Birds Sing, Rothenberg claims that birds vocalize traditional scales used in human music.
The wolf Raksha, who is looking for food, finds an abandoned human baby.
An example of an absolute measurement would be the percentage of the population eating less food than is required to sustain the human body (approximately 2000–2500 calories per day).
In short: culturally determined are not the basic human needs, but the satisfiers of those needs.
Gerhard Löwenthal (born 8 December 1922 in Berlin, died 6 December 2002 in Wiesbaden) was a prominent German journalist, human rights activist and author.
 Ben Shneiderman: inventor of treemapping; founding director, Human Computer Interaction Lab at the University of Maryland, College Park
The RAPID-L design is a liquid metal fast breeder reactor (LMFBR) concept meant to prevent accidents due to human errors.
Human inspectors are most involved at the end of the process to correct for any mistakes the machines made.
However, in 1986, Virgin Records paired The Human League with US production team Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
Among human parasitic diseases, schistosomiasis ranks second behind malaria in terms of socio-economic and public health importance in tropical and subtropical areas.
Edelman argues that this dynamic selective process is directly analogous to the processes of selection that act on populations of individuals in species, and he also points out that this functional plasticity is imperative, since not even the vast coding capability of entire human genome is sufficient to explicitly specify the astronomically complex synaptic structures of the developing brain.
This was supplemented by journalistic organizations and human rights organizations calling for justice.
The SCHER provide the Commission with the scientific advice on questions relating to the toxicity and ecotoxicity of chemicals, biochemicals and biological compounds whose use may have harmful consequences for human health and the environment.
The organization is dedicated to preventing human trafficking, rescuing victims, and providing aftercare for survivors.
In 2012, AALDEF won a $1.2 million judgment in a human trafficking civil suit on behalf of a Filipina domestic worker subjected to involuntary servitude and forced labor in Rhode Island.
Lexical density is a concept in computational linguistics that measures the structure and complexity of human communication in a language.
The CBI seized washed T-shirts with faint human blood stains from his residence, and sent them for DNA matching.
After assisting Congress in their earliest questions regarding the safety of the chemical preservatives then being employed in foods, Wiley was appropriated $5,000 in 1902 to study the effects of a diet including various preservatives, on human volunteers.
Since these improvements, the contamination site has passed all of its five-year reviews with the solution deemed "protective of human health and the environment."
Tech innovations from sponsors are hosted at booths covering new technology, transportation updates and human resources
On 19 October 2020, the European Union revealed new plans to create a legal structure to act against human rights violations worldwide.
Welch has served on the editorial board of advisors for several publications, including Buffalo Human Rights Law Review since 1997; advisory board, World History Since 1500 (Dushkin Publishers), 1997–2005; editorial advisory board, Encyclopedia Americana, 1992–03; and the board of editors, African Studies Review, 1974–81.
The Act is to prevent wildlife species in Canada from disappearing, provide recovery of wildlife species that are endangered or threatened as a result of human activity, and prevent future loss of species (Canada.ca, 2020).
Anti-consumerism protesters point out that the main responsibility of a corporation is to answer only to shareholders, giving human rights and other issues almost no consideration.
Her beauty inspired artists of all times to represent her, frequently as the personification of ideal human beauty.
Tacotron2 can generate high-quality speech approaching the human voice.
Human life is valued as a unique, rare opportunity to reach enlightenment.
Efforts to further combat the high rate of femicide in Honduras were seen in 2018 with the creation of the Inter-Agency Commission to Monitor Investigations into Violent Deaths of Women and Femicide, which was created following the country’s establishment of the Ministry of Human Rights in 2017.
My Pilot, Whale (2014) is a short documentary film directed by Alexander and Nicole Gratovsky, demonstrating direct communication between a human and free pilot whales in the open ocean.
In 1990 it won the right to play in the human World Championship by being second to Marion Tinsley in the US Nationals.
Wolffia species are composed of about 40% protein on a dry-matter basis, about the same as the soybean, making them a potential high-protein human food source.
The condyloid process or condylar process is the process on the human mandible and some other species' mandibles that ends in a condyle, the mandibular condyle.
She was also Vice-Chair of the Standing Committee on Human Resources, Skills Development, Social Development and the Status of Persons with Disabilities.
The institute's main sources of funding come from the Canadian and India governments, chiefly through the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA) and the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade (DFAIT) on the Canadian side and from the Ministry of Human Resource Development (India) from the Government of India.
Schleiermacher was strongly influenced by German Romanticism which led him to place more emphasis on human emotion and the imagination.
Susan Orr headed the United States Children's Bureau, a federal agency organized under the United States Department of Health and Human Services' Administration for Children and Families, Administration for Children and Families, as Associate Commissioner.
The Tin Man—the human turned into a machine—was a common feature in political cartoons and in advertisements in the 1890s.
As Infershian legends say, should the king of the Hades Beastman Berserkers and a pure-hearted human girl marry, all the spirits trapped in the armor would be resurrected into the world.
The UNDP identifies five key types of capital: human, social, natural, physical, and financial.
It has been successfully argued in a number of cases that criminalization of homosexual relationships is an interference with the right to privacy, including decisions in the European Court of Human Rights and the UNHRC.
In the series, Jack and Charlie are portrayed to some extent, less ideally as in the film and more as flawed, ordinary human beings: Jack even abandons Charlie during a bloody battle fearing for his life and Charlie harbors a deep xenophobic grudge against Susan, going as far as to hit her and try to murder her.
This distinction is significant, because rabbinic prohibitions may be set aside in cases where human dignity is undermined by a rabbinic norm.
The Human Beast Volume I...Through the Lens of Evolution.
In 1704, rationalist Gottfried Leibniz wrote a response to Locke's work in the form of a chapter-by-chapter rebuttal, titled the Nouveaux essais sur l'entendement humain (New Essays on Human Understanding).
 Project Valkyrie, human crewed interstellar ship (2009)
At first, Kenai refuses to destroy the bond, but Nita tells him that the Spirits may turn him back into a human and send him to find her.
For example, a fairly fit but normal human may throw a punch that inflicts +1N (non-lethal) damage, while the irradiated simian mastermind with enhanced strength and razor-sharp claws throws out +12L (lethal) damage.
 Eliza Cassan, the mysterious news reporter from Deus Ex: Human Revolution.
Since the defection of the LTTE Eastern Commander Colonel Karuna to the Government of Sri Lanka in 2004, the TMVP known as the Karuna Group (A Tamil paramilitary group which supports the Sri Lankan government), has been held responsible for the abduction of children according to UNICEF and Human Rights Watch.
Ultimately, Oklahoma State had the second-highest computer average, while Alabama finished second in both human polls.
It was formerly called Enterobacter agglomerans, or Erwinia herbicola and is a ubiquitous bacterium commonly isolated from plant surfaces, seeds, fruit, and animal or human feces and can be found throughout a honeybee's environment.
In 1897, the ethnographer and geographer  in his book  applied the word  ("living space") to describe physical geography as a factor that influences human activities in developing into a society.
In 1993, science journalist Ann Gibbons posited that a population bottleneck occurred in human evolution about 70,000 years ago, and she suggested that this was caused by the eruption.
Now the term is usually reserved, however, for the use of formal procedures to make music without human intervention.
In part, animal studies developed out of the animal liberation movement and was grounded in ethical questions about co-existence with other species: whether it is moral to eat animals, to do scientific research on animals for human benefit, and so on.
The various types of human H. cinaedi infections, including the more severe ones such as bacteremia, meningitis, and artificial joint infection, have been successfully treated with regimens that include a single or multiple antibiotics.
The People suppress their unusual abilities as they attempt to integrate into human life.
Lesotho has no comprehensive anti-trafficking law, which hinders the government's ability to address human trafficking.
He saw Marxism not as a final, self-sufficient schematisation of history, but rather as a collection of pointers to the understanding of human affairs.
Spontaneous human combustion in fiction
The American goldfinch is not threatened by human activity and is widespread throughout its range.
On the Human Development Index Passo Fundo was given .804 in 2000, ranking 149 out of 467 municipalities in the state and 478 out of 3,527 municipalities in the country.
An information system is increasingly perceived as a complex system, which includes human and social aspects, where technology is only one part of the whole.
With that said, NASA has placed the challenge of commercializing space to the private space industry with the hopes of developing innovations which help improve human living conditions in space.
In the last two decades, experienced breeders have shared their knowledge and expertise to give advice to other herpetologists on overcoming the difficulties in Heloderma reproduction under human care.
Though he initially appears to just be human, he is revealed to be a member of the Alphabetarians, aliens whose bodies are composed of an elemental material and shaped like a letter of the alphabet.
He wrote in his diary that some of the best advice he ever got was "Of all the foolish things you do, let marriage be the last," and that he had "discovered worse malignancy in my bosom friend  that I conceived it possible to dwell in human shape."
Human rights in Sri Lanka provides for Fundamental rights.
I wanted to show that I can be sad, in tears, or happy, angry or totally calm as well as all made up or with a very pure look… just like any other human being.
His ballads are full of human interest and playful humour, with an eye to the ridiculous that does not demean his subjects.
From this very moment, Wendt recognized the primacy of the act of painting, the supremacy of the making over the concept for the accomplishment of being in situation in time and dependent on the constants of the human condition.
In the course of his legal practice, Senator Sinclair practised primarily in the fields of Civil and Criminal Litigation Human Rights law, and Aboriginal Law.
She has also been a judge for other awards, such as the “Certámen de Narrativa María Maeztu”, the Grant “Joseba Jaka”, the “Rikardo Arregi Kazetaritza Saria” and the “René Cassin Human Rights” Award.
Paul Fucito of AllMusic wrote: "The single "Designing Heaven" is as contemporary as anything Erasure, the Pet Shop Boys, or The Human League have done recently."
Human learning of such relations has been studied in the field of "Function Learning".
On April 4, 2013 Human Tornado made his in ring return at Pro Wrestling Syndicate's Super Card Night 1 in Metuchen, New Jersey.
As the name implies, at the core of an agroecosystem lies the human activity of agriculture.
Todd said that Chaplin had "one of the noblest, most self-sacrificing, unselfish hearts that ever beat in human bosom."
To win freedom, the human must become a gladiator and engage in physical combat with numerous Octon warriors.
Microscopic examination revealed file-marks on the teeth, and it was deduced from this that someone had modified the teeth to a shape more suited to a human diet.
The principles of hydraulics are in use naturally in the human body within the vascular system and erectile tissue.
 "Of Human Action" (season 2, ep.
He tended to concentrate on the niceties and absurdities of social exchanges, instead of a greater concern with universal problems of human life.
The Civil Human Rights Front (CHRF) said 800,000 people took part but police put the peak at 183,000 people.
On the basis of cognitive developmental and object relations theory, the scale assesses human responses across six categories: differentiation, articulation, degree of internal motivation attributed to the figure's action, degree of integration of the object and its action, content of the action, and nature of interactions between figures.
The Council noted that the removal of the measures was conditional upon the holding of elections, the implementation of important parts of the peace process, the protection of human rights and the stability of the country.
These networks are involved in human smuggling and trafficking to exploit victims economically and sexually.
Additionally, many congregations donate funds from their collection of tithes and offerings on the International Day of Prayer for the Persecuted Church to NGOs that support human rights of persecuted Christians, such as Voice of the Martyrs, International Christian Concern, and Open Doors.
The recent legislation seriously contravenes Australia’s obligations to non-citizens, refugees and asylum seekers under international human rights and refugee law.
Treatment, keeping or disposal of controlled wastes in a manner likely to cause pollution to the environment or harm to human health
Additionally, she helped to discover the temporal association between high-level chromosomal instability and high-risk human papillomavirus (HR-HPV) integration, a key step in cervical carcinogenesis, such that integration precedes chromosomal abnormalities.
For instance, in 2017, Human Rights Watch pointed out that Afghanistan has a tougher law on child marriage than parts of the United States: in Afghanistan the minimum age of marriage is 15, and that only with permission from their father or a judge; otherwise it is 16.
It was clear, therefore, that the serious violation by the provisions of section 23 of the rights to equality and human dignity could not be justified in the new constitutional order.
The Lovers of Valdaro, also known as the "Valdaro Lovers," are a pair of human skeletons dated as approximately 6,000 years old.
Hawaii was also struck, with estimated damage of up to US$1 million and livestock losses, but no human casualties were recorded.
| align=left | Human Environment Animal Protection (Tierschutz)
Reika (玲花 Reika, 25) was a butterfly given human form by Sasuke's Shinobi Scroll to find him as he arrives to Nasukogen, tending to his wounds after he was attacked by Junior.
According to Joe Stork, deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch, security operations in Khuzestan province since protests there in April 2011, have resulted in the largest number of deaths and injuries since the crackdown that followed the disputed 2009 presidential election.
Nicaragua derives its understanding of human rights from the Constitution of Nicaragua and international law.
Their proposal would separate the enforcement and removal unit, which is the subject of almost all of the controversy, from the investigations unit that focuses on issues such as fraud, human trafficking, gangs, and drug rings.
However, the initiative drew a hostile response from the pro-democratic camp, lawyers, journalists, religious leaders and human rights organisations.
But a real-time artificial intelligence makes up for this disadvantage with its ability to manage multiple units more quickly than a human.
After being defeated by King Joe, Seven reverted to his human form and was healed by the planet Buffalo's natives while searching for his lost Ultra Eye.
There are approximately 104 synapses per neuron and 1011 neurons in the human brain.
Conditions, human rights violations, and inspections 
It took note of the conference report, the Vancouver Declaration on Human Settlements, which carried an action plan with 64 recommendations for National Action.
Wheat - born Sally Hennock, she is the second modern human to become an Elf.
Kelvin Hayes from AllMusic dubbed it "a disappointing debut from Ellis-Bextor, fusing Human League synth with beats and cinematic strings", but described "Murder on the Dancefloor" as the "shimmering highlight" from the album.
From May to June 2008, United Nations Special Rapporteur Doudou Diène was invited by the U.S. government to visit and study racial discrimination in the U.S.  Diène's 2008 report was delivered to the United Nations Human Rights Council and was published in 2009.
In some cases, an IVR system can be used in the same survey in conjunction with a human interviewer.
Fermentative lactic acid bacteria such as Lactobacillus casei and Lactobacillus plantarum reduce flatulence in the human intestinal tract.
Rhodes-Patterson got her MBA in 2003 and she works as corporate human resource manager for The Home Depot.
To handle human rights issues dealt with by international bodies, in general, and by non-governmental international organizations, in particular.
Some of the JVTA's provisions are set to expire relatively soon, such as the $5,000 assessment for those convicted of human trafficking (expires on September 30, 2021) and the U.S.
If you do my bidding, and do it well, you will be permitted to reincarnate as human beings."
These were distributed gradually to stations, missions and other human residences around Cloncurry, the base site for a 50-watt transmitter.
The technique uses the surface of the human body as a transmission medium or path for electromagnetic waves.
"Build strong communities that respect civil discourse and human dignity".
Toritani went on to enroll at Waseda University as a human sciences major.
The ACM Code of Ethics lists contributing to society and human well-being as well as improving public understanding of an engineer's practice area.
 Anne Frank Human Rights Memorial
Human rights abuses in Norway
As a result, the computer's influence in determining the rankings was reduced from 50% to 33.3%, and the human poll ranking increased to 66.6%.
His works were figurative in nature, concerned with the human body and its identity.
She argues for a new vision of human freedom which incorporates the insights of feminism and liberalism into a form of anarchism based on what she calls existential individualism.
Cousin Larry – George's arrogant human cousin, who does his best to win at everything, no matter the cost.
Several theories have been advanced for this calendrical period: that it represents a Venusian cycle, that it represents the human gestation period, or that it represents the number of days between the zenithal passage of the sun in the tropical lowlands.
Conscription into the Self-Defence Forces (HXP) has been called a human rights violation by those who call the region's institutions illegitimate.
This provision was not required by the European Convention on Human Rights, since Protocol 6 of the Convention permitted the death penalty in time of war, and Protocol 13, which prohibits the death penalty for all circumstances, did not then exist.
He sought to bring to the Jewish settlements in Palestine a transcendent modern architecture that would resist ideological frames and operate neutrally to serve basic human needs through elegance, progressive technology, and infrastructural foresight.
 Divine will: the belief that social stratification is beyond human control, either divinely ordained or a natural law, as in the biblical story of the curse of Ham that was used to justify Black inferiority in the U.S.
Cerise is a member of the alien Shi'ar race, making her physical abilities somewhat more powerful than an Earth human.
He also serves on the International Advisory Board of the International Bar Association on the topic of Business and Human Rights.
The post-Darwin concept of human speciation was unacceptable to those forming the Anthropological Society.
On 16 June, the Syrian Observatory on Human Rights (SOHR), a UK-based monitor, reported that the factions repulsed an attack on their positions at the Tal Meleh axis.
As NCA of Supreme Court, Department of Court Administration deals with every matters on court administration including fiscal, personnel and human resource affairs.
And at the same time: 'how to be a human being that honors the lives of the Palestinians?'"
The yellow color of low-pressure sodium lamps also leads to the least visual sky glow, due primarily to the Purkinje shift of dark-adapted human vision, causing the eye to be relatively insensitive to the yellow light scattered at low luminance levels in the clear atmosphere.
 Measurement of Human Latent TGF-β1
For using forbidden kidō spells in aiding Kisuke Urahara in his attempts to help the visoreds, Tessai was sentenced to imprisonment by the Central 46 and was forced to flee to the human world.
over 115,000 illegal Albanian immigrants, a figure quoted in the US Department of State Human Rights Report and given to the American authorities by their Greek counterpart.
PDE4 is an isoenzyme that hydrolyzes cyclic AMP to regulate human bronchial tone (along with PDE3).
That the scientific and technological build-up during the Cold War brought about increasing threats of unparalleled destruction of the human species did not lessen the impression.
Earth is exhausted of resources and no longer a viable planet for its human civilization, whose unsustainable growth made it impossible for developing society any further.
"Three Hearings on the Existence of Snakes in the Human Bloodstream" [Best Novelette nominee, 1998] (James Alan Gardner)
They chose vegetables to serve as the characters because they were easier to animate than human characters.
At nautical dawn and nautical dusk, the human eye finds it difficult, if not impossible, to discern traces of illumination near the sunset or sunrise point of the horizon (first light after nautical dawn but before civil dawn and nightfall after civil dusk but before nautical dusk).
In 2013, forty-three environmental and human rights organizations including The Sierra Club and Greenpeace USA signed an open letter condemning Chevron's legal actions as a threat to free speech and an open society.
Fragoso was an influential supporter of human rights at that period, denouncing torture applied by the political police even after having been arrested himself by the agents of the regime.
This makes the device work more like a catapult, where the cylinder propelling the human stops at the mouth of the cannon.
It aims to challenge dominant public discourse by pointing to contradictions between principles of human rights and the experiences of women.
However, he argued that Tomasi's ideas were at times unrealistic, warning, "Ideals can be dangerous if too far removed from the realities of human life."
A Human Right intends to pay for the operation of the satellite through buying and reselling high-speed bandwidth while providing low-bandwidth internet for free.
Whether it be between genders or between human beings, between spirits."
She felt that the level raised the question of whether or not it was acceptable to discuss human suffering in video games, and if their status as entertainment products prevented them from doing so.
The Secretary-General of the United Nations in February 2022 called on the United Nations General Assembly to recognize "access to the internet as a basic human right, [...] including through the Giga Initiative".
Amnesty International’s Researcher on South Caucasus, Natalia Nozadze, stated that:  “The pattern and methods of these gendered reprisals and the fact that the targets are women who have exposed human rights violations or been critical of the authorities, strongly indicates that the Azerbaijani authorities are either directly responsible or complicit in these crimes.
The Aedes mosquitoes that transmit Chikungunya breed in a wide variety of man-made containers which are common around human dwellings.
 Haris Azhar (Advocate, Director of Lokataru Foundation, Lecturer for Law Faculty of Trisakti University and Sekolah Tinggi Hukum Jentera Indonesia, Head of Human Rights Division on Indonesian Bar Association, Former Coordinator of KontraS, Former of Executive Member of FORUM ASIA)
A few archaeological finds at barrows of the so-called “Old Hunsrück-Eifel Culture”, for instance a bronze torc and bronze armrings, are traces of human habitation from the time between 600 and 400 BC.
About 50% is defined as having minimal human intervention, with restricted visitation.
Three France-based human rights organizations filed a complaint in May 2017 with the International Criminal Court (ICC) accusing Chechen government officials of genocide.
UN.GIFT works with all stakeholders - governments, businesses, academia, civil societies and the media - to support each other's work, create new partnerships and develop effective tools to fight human trafficking.
While the vans have moved China away from previous days of large public executions, human rights activists counter that they are "like government-sanctioned death squads", and allow for an increased number and a higher efficiency of executions.
When a human kite operator holds a reel, the kite line may be let out or wound back onto the reel; the kite operator is the mooring, yet the reel is part of the mooring situation; the reel and the reeling of the kite line has many parameters that make for successful kite operating.
 Victor Dosti, Albanian political prisoner and human rights activist
There are a number of asymmetries in the human brain including how language is processed mainly in the left hemisphere of the brain.
In this way, it is easier to assess risk and returns through a set of tools that can establish logically consistent models of rational human behavior.
Some Magiswords are also living entities that can speak human language or get sick, such as Zombie Pumpkin Magisword, Dolphin Magisword, and Carnivorous Plant Magisword
In May 2002, U.S. lawmakers asked U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld for an investigation that "If U.S. soldiers are patrolling or frequenting these establishments, the military is in effect helping to line the pockets of human traffickers".
This opinion is challenged almost immediately by the deaths of Beatrice, one of the lesser fae, and a human reporter.
The filmmakers generated and used the idea of parasites because the film could not realistically have scenes between the human protagonists and the enormous creature.
In reality, however, regardless of the recommendations of the authorities and theologies, many people fled the plague and attempted to protect themselves from it, and the idea that the plague was a punishment from God for human sins were prevalent among private Muslims regardless of the official view of the authorities: Ibn al-Wardi openly put forward this view.
Paracas artists built upon Chavín styles and introduced the double spout-and-bridge vessel and distinctive masks portraying a supernatural "Oculate Being," that combines human, owl, and double-headed snake forms.
A 1997 report by Human Rights Watch accused the party of recruiting from skinhead groups and promoting racist violence.
A basic element in Nietzsche's philosophical outlook is the "will to power" (der Wille zur Macht), which he maintained provides a basis for understanding human behavior—more so than competing explanations, such as the ones based on pressure for adaptation or survival.
The following is a list of  human hepatocyte nuclear factors (see also boxes to the right for additional information about these proteins):
They were in repeated contact with the Mexican government and made an application to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights.
Clark-Glass became a lecturer in law at the Queens University of Belfast in 1974, and became a known as a commentator on legal and human rights issues and as a prominent feminist.
Excavations in the 19th century found 28 human skeletons in its chambers.
Geometrical motifs decorate its surface, including zigzag lines and depictions of human faces and hands.
They were cooking body parts for a meal when arrested; the police also recovered remains of human body parts from their house.
The concept of "slips and capture" has been studied in the psychology of human error, and efforts to prevent error.
The initiative was established in response to a paper on citations in Wikidata, Citations needed for the sum of all human knowledge: Wikidata as the missing link between scholarly publishing and linked open data, given by Dario Taraborelli, head of research at the Wikimedia Foundation, at the eighth Conference on Open Access Scholarly Publishing, in September 2016.
He argues that this is the same kind of structure which gives rise to consciousness, the sense of "I", in the human mind.
 Bonding is an intrinsic human need.
The main human use of the area is livestock grazing but crop planting has also been reported.
Most people live in the northern or southern polar regions where temperatures are more acceptable to human life, and other terrain types such as forests, grasslands, swamps and jungles can be found.
He paints the nude not as a symbol of beauty and pure form but as a human fact—implicitly imperfect".
Fantastic, The Invisible Woman, The Human Torch, The Thing.
Such a companion should share his scientific tastes, make good use of the expedition's opportunities for researching natural history, dine with him as an equal, and provide a semblance of normal human friendship.
In that index some countries with relatively equitable ratings compared to their Human Development Index (such as Iceland, the Slovak Republic, and Estonia) do relatively well, whereas some countries with relatively inequitable ratings compared to their HDI (such as Ireland, Greece, and the USA) do less well.
Now in addition to eyes, Sri Lanka also donates human tissue to the world.
It's human nature to define complexity as better.
If Javel is having a trouble learning the human world's environment, Onari is the man he can call for help.
Initiation rites are seen as fundamental to human growth and development as well as socialization in many African communities.
Archaeological remains, found in the Countryside surrounding Pigna, have unearthed Prehistoric evidence of human settlements in the area since about 60,000 years ago.
The main objective of developing and evaluating an IVIVC is to establish the dissolution test as a surrogate for human studies, as stated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
The functions it fulfilled are no longer used to control quarantinable diseases, and the North Head Quarantine Station has the best representative collection of quarantine related buildings, equipment and human memorabilia [in the form of the inscriptions] of any Australian quarantine station.
This line of research helps us to understand the molecular mechanisms of human neurological diseases in which genetic mutations cause myelin loss and defects of motor and cognitive function.
Human rights abuses in Kuwait
Ray's books about secularism and religion explore how religion interacts with human beings on a personal and cultural level.
The organisation also established the first Intersex Human Rights Fund, in late 2014.
The Office of Juvenile Affairs is under the supervision of the Secretary of Human Services.
In September 2018, Dr. Marri visited Brussels where he held meetings with European Institutions for the awareness about the misuse of Human Rights Conventions by the terrorists.
Once, while out hunting with a net, he saw a creature which is like a human, but which walked on all fours, and which disturbed the people.
Human rights instruments guarantee the right to be free from discrimination on ethnic and cultural grounds.
Following her political career, Carroll consulted with Waterloo Management Education Centre assisting clients with the development of human resources planning.
They share the administration, finance, technology, expansion and sourcing and human resource divisions, as well as other corporate functions, based at the central offices in Madrid.
At the end of the two-week walk, Turani spoke in front of the United Nations headquarters, addressing the Chinese human rights violations in East Turkistan since 1949.
It is empowered under the Canadian Human Rights Act to investigate and to try to settle complaints of discrimination in employment and in the provision of services within federal jurisdiction.
The book is also a platform for Galbraith's humor and keen insights into human behavior when wealth is threatened.
The campaign setting for Arcana Unearthed is the lands of The Diamond Throne, a land ruled by giants (in contrast to the human dominance assumed in most other fantasy settings).
The National Human Rights Commission held the government responsible for the attacks on Hindus after the election.
Human Rights issues has been the main theme of Farid Haerinejad's documentaries.
No human remains were discovered inside.
In an interview with Die Zeit on 20 November 2019, Hallam called the Holocaust "just another fuckery in human history".
The school was investigated in the 1990s by civil rights officials from the U.S. Department of Education, the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination and Quincy's municipal human rights commission, however the mascot was cleared of the accusations after extensive investigation.
Beachcroft's novels are in the children's fantasy genre, including witches, genies and other magic characters interacting with human children.
The Ebola epidemic in 2014 highlighted the challenge of mobilizing funds, equipment and human resources to manage a rapidly evolving health crisis.
He was criticised by those who "pointed out the Cuban regime's record on human rights was poor and included imprisoning trade unionists."
The first recorded use of cadaver crash test dummies was performed by Lawrence Patrick, in the 1930s, after using his own body, and of his students, to test the limits of the human body.
Perfect (2005) - Performed on a bed of sand and on bungee harnesses, Perfect was the third in a trilogy (following Fearless and Volatile) about the human relationship with time.
Brown is also remembered as one of the most vocal critics of the NCAA, saying it "legislated against human dignity and practiced monumental hypocrisy."
The Roddicks founded The Body Shop Foundation in 1990, which supports innovative global projects working in the areas of human and civil rights and environmental and animal protection.
The Central Valley has been greatly altered by human activity.
She has spent her life dedicated to understanding the human "tribe" and the relationships forged between individuals, communities and ecosystems; this has been the inspiration behind her films, artworks and activism.
When his master was away, he stole the Human Sack (人種袋) and Golden Cymbals (金鐃) and escaped to strike-out on his-own and become a demon lord.
The presence of man is old, however, as evidenced by human traces dating back to antiquity.
The diversity of species, habitats and landscapes is critical to human survival.
The leg bones of a bull were found on top of the sarcophagus, and human bones were found besides the sarcophagus.
We looked to create a more primal record, full of human emotion and sonic intensity.
The site's critical consensus reads, "The Blue Room proves a sobering study of the dark side of human nature, as well as a coolly assured directorial effort from star and co-writer Mathieu Amalric."
Human diseases caused by haploinsufficiency
In accordance with the cost-sharing component of the AmeriCorps VISTA project, if the Sioux City Human Rights Commission's budget was not increased, the agency would have lost all of its AmeriCorps VISTA members.
In molecular biology, copines is a name for the group of human proteins that includes members such as CPNE1, CPNE4, CPNE6, and CPNE8.
Tennessee Council on Human Relations
Publishers Weekly gives a positive review finding it a "complicated but coherent story" and "refreshing to read an alternate history that doesn't depend upon the clash of anachronistic arms, but rather on how modern ideas of human rights, education, sanitation and law might have affected the Europe of the 30 Years War."
All their attempts end without success because a vampire needs fresh human blood.
In addition, if a need goes unmet and the human beings advocating the need continually encounter non-needs meeting responses, they might begin advocating the need in ways that the social system names as inappropriate (e.g., shifting from protests to setting buildings on fire).
In January 2021, Swamy was awarded the Mukundan C. Menon award 2020 for human rights.
The ritual concept among human might not easy to analyze.
However, eventually a web of relations developed, and selfishness came about; gradually the level of beings' was lowered until, in the end, they reached this level of human beings.
FlyMine is funded primarily by Wellcome Trust, with elements of the database supported by the National Human Genome Research Institute and the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council.
The Human Rights Watch has lobbied for the reintegration and rehabilitation of child soldiers worldwide, with many successful efforts in policy changes over time.
In late 1940s and 1950s, Roosevelt was an ambassador to the United Nations and served as chair of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights.
New Jersey excise taxes on distilled spirits for human beverage consumption are levied at a rate of $5.50 per gallon.
The sanctions were expanded pursuant to Executive Order 13448, which authorizes the United States Secretary of the Treasury to designate senior regime officials, human rights violators in Burma, persons engaged in public corruption in Burma, financial and material supporters of the Government of Burma, and spouses and dependent children of previously designated individuals.
 A compilation of the clinical and nonclinical data on the investigational product(s) that is relevant to the study of the investigational product(s) in human subjects.
The Human Bean has 134 drive-through coffee locations in 17 U.S. states.
It resulted that this mine till this day still has negative impacts on human health through crops and it is evident that there needs to be more cleaning up measures around surrounding areas.
Icynene contains no VOC's, volatile organic compounds (VOCs) Many VOCs are dangerous to human health or cause harm to the environment.
Measurable wealth typically excludes intangible or nonmarketable assets such as human capital and social capital.
His writings on the North Korean human rights situation have been published in the Harvard International Review, The Washington Post, Haaretz, San Jose Mercury News, Asia Times, South China Morning Post, National Post, The Diplomat, World Policy, Columbia Journal of International Affairs, The Hill, The Korea Times, and numerous other publications.
Pope John was quoted by the LA Times as saying: "Religious freedom, an essential requirement of the dignity of every person, is a cornerstone of the structure of human rights, and for this reason, an irreplaceable factor in the good of individuals and of the whole of society as well as of the personal fulfillment of each individual."
"Digital Earth should play a strategic and sustainable role in addressing such challenges to human society as natural resource depletion, food and water insecurity, energy shortages, environmental degradation, natural disasters response, population explosion, and, in particular, global climate change."
Pope Paul is not credited to have had the encyclopaedic culture of Pius XII, nor his phenomenal memory, his amazing gift for languages, his brilliant style in writing, nor did he have the Charisma and outpouring love, sense of humor and human warmth of John XXIII.
Sony in 2007 commercialized CMOS sensors with an original column A/D conversion circuit, for fast, low-noise performance, followed in 2009 by the CMOS back-illuminated sensor (BI sensor), with twice the sensitivity of conventional image sensors and going beyond the human eye.
According to Haaretz, "excavation directors Prof. Shlomo Bunimovitz and Dr. Zvi Lederman of Tel Aviv University say they do not suggest that the human figure on the seal is the biblical Samson.
Concerning a future world in which robots rise up against their human masters, it was the only piece of science fiction to be produced until the BBC television service resumed after the war.
International law Professor Ed Morgan of the University of Toronto, likewise, noting that it is clear that Israel and Hamas are in a state of armed conflict, which has been noted by the General Assembly to the Human Rights Council in its Goldstone Report, wrote that a blockade of an enemy's coast is an established military tactic.
The Human Atlas of Europe: A continent united in diversity, Bristol: Policy Press.
"That the Department of Human Services has a fundamental conflict of interest – the harder it is for people to navigate this system and prove their correct income data, the more money the department recoups".
Deena attempts to lure them into human trafficking.
Even though, most classes of human pathogens are covered by CLRs, CLRs are a major receptor for recognition of fungi: nonetheless, other PAMPs have been identified in studies as targets of CLRs  as well e.g.
The 1991 National Inquiry into Racist Violence, conducted by the Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission, expressed concerns about the lack of diversity on Australian Screens and encouraged increased recruitment of Indigenous people in the media industry.
Scientists have been able to take advantage of these similarities in generating experimental and predictive models of human disease.
From birth, the ovaries of the human female contain a number of immature, primordial follicles.
These reforms include the release of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi from house arrest and subsequent dialogues with her, establishment of the National Human Rights Commission, general amnesties of more than 200 political prisoners, institution of new labour laws that allow labour unions and strikes, relaxation of press censorship, and regulations of currency practices.
"Boys 'used for human sacrifice'", BBC, 16 June 2005
The clock is one of the oldest human inventions, meeting the need to measure intervals of time shorter than the natural units: the day, the lunar month, year and galactic year.
"It is the atmosphere that counts most in this unusual film," wrote Francesco Càllari of the Gazzetta del Lunedì, "an intensely human and poetical atmosphere altogether estranged from the provincialism of the setting ... Fellini has something to say and he says it with an acute sense of observation ...
He received training in in-vitro fertilization at the Iscare Centre for Assisted Reproduction, Bratislava, Slovak Republic as well as the Institute of Human Reproduction Symbion, Fruebjerguej (a research center) and the Fertility Clinic of Copenhagen University, Herlev Hospital, both in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Most evidence points to a 20,000 year period after human arrival circa 63,000 BCE, but scientific argument continues as to the exact date range.
On the other hand, the Army's Coast Guard is responsible for a policing role by preventing criminal activities such as smuggling, human trafficking through the coastal areas such as country's beaches.
The current government has proposed a compulsory biometric card system, which has been opposed by human rights groups and by the national authority and regulator on computing systems and databases, the Commission nationale de l'informatique et des libertés, CNIL.
It documented gross human rights violations committed by NRA troops.
In his works and articles Hagverdiyev communicated themes like the necessity for mass education and respect for human rights.
It was possibly used by Mantid to return to The Outer World as Mantid is actually a human wearing a mechanical suit.
N-Arachidonoyl dopamine, an endocannabinoid found in the human CNS, structurally similar to capsaicin, activates the TRPV1 channel with an EC50 of approximately of 50 nM.
He was later a researcher at the National University of Quilmes and worked in the field of human rights.
He believed that war could bring out only the worst in society and argued that it led inevitably to collectivization and militarization and "fortified a universal faith in violence; it set in motion endless adventures in imperialism, endless nationalist ambitions," while, at the same time, costing countless human lives.
Benetech does significant work with human rights, revolving around a database called Martus, which helps sort and analyze information that is inputted.
Since Shrek never frees Fiona from the tower, she escapes on her own and is still under the witch's spell – human by day and ogre by night – and has subsequently become the leader of a group of Ogre resistance fighters.
It covers the role of plants in shaping the planet, altering the atmosphere, the evolution of ecological relationships and their role in shaping human evolution.
Because there are only seven GRKs (only 4 of which are widely expressed throughout the body) but over 800 human GPCRs, GRKs appear to have limited phosphorylation site selectivity and are regulated primarily by the GPCR active state.
In the psychology of reasoning, psychologists and cognitive scientists have defended different positions on human rationality.
A report published in a French magazine in September 1952 showed the Institute was still producing vaccines against contagious human diseases, such as cholera, typhoid fever, gonorrhea, cerebrospinal meningitis, colibacillosis and pneumonia.
Chyler Leigh as Alexandra "Alex" Danvers / Sentinel: Kara's human adoptive sister.
Below are listed some of the types of gene which show strong evidence of adaptive evolution in the human genome.
In this ethnography, Basso expressed his hope that anthropologists will spend more time investigating how places and spaces are perceived and experienced; for human relationships to geographical places are rich, deeply felt, and profoundly telling.
If one day I decide to paint the human figure, it will be as an object. "
Attachment & Human Development, 7(3), 313–331.
Many of these animals are either near extinction or in danger of losing their habitats due to human activities.
Unlike wardialing, however, a port scan will generally not disturb a human being when it tries an IP address, regardless of whether there is a computer responding on that address or not.
The longtime chair of the Health and Human Services Committee, she gained a reputation as an advocate for health care for the poor and children.
The risks with xenosis are twofold, as not only could the individual become infected, but a novel infection could initiate an epidemic in the human population.
In human trials on healthy volunteers, TPA-023 was comparable to lorazepam, but had much less side effects on cognition, memory, alertness or coordination.
Experts determined the presence of bullet strikes, explosives residue, bullets and shell cases, as well as human blood, bones and tissue adhering to the walls and floors of the building.
The Vishnudharmottara Purana (compiled between 300 and 350 AD) contains six chapters on physical and human geography.
The story, inspired by a commercial for the first game, focused on how a human might view the valkyrie's mission.
The species is found in forests that face threats of destruction by human deforestation.
Expert systems: Expert systems are computer systems that emulate the decision-making ability of a human expert in order to help the user solving a problem in a specific area.
European Court declared a violation of Article 6 §§ 1 and 3 (c) of the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, ordering the Croatian government to pay EUR 7,300 in damages.
This is the human experience of life and that’s what I wanted to illustrate more than anything, how things co-exist, all the wrongs and the rights together, the love and the violence, the broken dream and the persistence of dreams.
This spring is mounted to the point(s) where the firearm contacts a mechanical holder such as a tripod or human upper torso.
Pulli settlement, located on the right bank of the Pärnu River, is the oldest known human settlement in Estonia.
According to Human Rights Watch, the Ogaden is the largest Darod clan in Ethiopia's Somali Region, and may account for 70 to 80 percent of the Somali population in Ethiopia.
When the Celestials arrive on Earth around a century and a half later, Ikaris succeeds in this mission with the aid of human archaeologist Dr. Daniel Damian and his daughter, Margo.
The major finding of this study is that the human cognition contains three components, or three broad types of "cultural rules of behavior", namely, Values, Expectations, and Ad Hoc Rules, each of which has a mutually conditioning relationship with behavior.
His association with the Human League started in 1986, where he was employed as a session musician for the Crash Tour of late 1986.
UVic also offers a number of interdisciplinary undergraduate programs, including Applied Ethics, Arts of Canada, European Studies, Film Studies, Human Dimensions of Climate Change, Indigenous Studies, Latin American Studies, Social Justice Studies, and Technology and Society.
Tom Daschle withdraws his nomination for Secretary of Health and Human Services, and Nancy Killefer withdraws her nomination as Chief Performance Officer, both citing tax problems.
 Human Gastric Function, Harold G. Wolff, Stewart Wolf; New York, Oxford University Press, 1943.
Research finds that emigration and low migration barriers has net positive effects on human capital formation and innovation in the sending countries.
 Beanfield – Human Patterns (November 1999) (1 track)
Chad (Chadwick) Stokes Urmston (born February 26, 1976) is an American musician and a human rights activist.
They note, however that "it is important at this point to clarify the fact that we do not believe that the activation we observe evolved in order to empathize with other objects or human beings"  (p. 343).
Like most other Plano ISD 9-10 high schools, McMillen offers 4 AP (Advanced Placement) classes; AP Human Geography, AP World History, and AP European History (elective), AP Computer Science Principles.
Joyce has developed and defended what has come to be known as an "evolutionary debunking argument," according to which the evolutionary origin of human moral thinking might give us cause to doubt our moral judgments.
If convicted for human trafficking, the offender is prescribed a minimum of four months and a maximum of six years in prison.
The Tibetan Centre for Human Rights and Democracy reports that Champa Chungla, his assistant and deputy director of the monastery, was also disappeared from the airport.
In the 1960s, King identified a novel bacteria from human respiratory secretions, blood, and bone and joint exudates that was designated Moraxella kingii in her honor shortly after her death.
She earned her master's degree from the University of Minnesota–Twin Cities in Human Resource and Organizational Development.
Vitruvius developed a complicated theory of ideal proportions for the human figure.
After they maliciously vandalize his house, Ormont comes to the realization that he truly hates the human race, and these examples of it in particular, and can only be happy if they are made to pay.
Her particular case was remarked by Qin Gao and Jia Zho in their book Human Aspects of IT for the Aged Population (2021), as they deemed the singer as an "interesting case of study because her artistic brand has always expressed a sexual nature".
Since she cannot do so in the human manner, she introduces him to the Antarean equivalent, in which she shares her lifeforce energy with him.
It is the study and interpretation of the experiences, activities, constructs, and artifacts associated with human beings.
It preys on a variety of benthic fishes and invertebrates, and also scavenges; human garbage has been reported among its stomach contents.
In the following stories, human contact and basic exploration had taken place sometime in the past; Mars is a setting rather than a goal.
Ministers of law and human rights of Indonesia
Lisa Kaufman, of the Columbia Law School's Human Rights Clinic has stated:
In 1972, Campbell and Spear published a seminal review about childhood amnesia in Psychological Sciences recapping the research conducted to understand this topic from neurological and behavioral perspectives in both human and animal models.
Sultan Mohammad Khan is a Pakistani politician who served as the Provincial Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for Law, Parliamentary Affairs and Human Rights, in office from 29 August 2018 to 9 Feb 2021. he was removed from his post because he was spotted in a video where he could be seen selling his Senate vote.
 Winner – 1956 – Best Human Document – Pather Panchali (Song of the Little Road)
This research is ongoing and researchers at the Stone Age Institute researches are analyzing the survival tools (rocks, stones) that the early human population has used in the process of evolution and survival.
He was president of the World Futures Studies Federation and of Futuribles International as well as the founding president of the Moroccan Association of Future Studies and the Moroccan Organization of Human Rights.
He also studies human touch perception using behavioral and imaging methods.
Images that cannot be taken directly by the camera or seen by the human eye …
In the 18th century Europe was undergoing major transformations as the new ideas of the Enlightenment, which stressed the importance of science, rationality, and human reason, and the new technologies of the Industrial Revolution swept across Europe, giving Europeans great power and influence.
There are over 400 transcription factors that are possible matches for binding to this promoter, including those of the SOX/SRY-sex/testis determining, human and murine ETS, and homeodomain transcription factors.
This feature is an attempt to correct for an in-built language prejudice which tilts theory to reduce processes into static elements, separating, for example, human actors from their actions.
“Impossibly high quotas were reportedly set, with workers forced to pay fines to make up the deficits.” The Uzbek-German Forum for Human Rights called the quotas an 'unprecedented degree of extortion', as workers were made to continue their labor in exchange for food and housing.
The gonadotropin hormones, human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) are heterodimers consisting of alpha and beta subunits (also called chains) that are associated non-covalently.
Orlando Zapata (1967–2010), Cuban human rights activist
 Nutrition and Human Needs (Select) (Chair: George McGovern)
Recent contributions includes a significant discovery in understanding the way human embryonic stem cells function.
In 2004, he received the Annual Award for Monitoring Human Rights.
The mind lies somewhere within the human body and the mind perceives the world through it.
Players skate around each level performing various tricks, using either characters from Disney/Pixar's Toy Story, Disney's Tarzan, and Disney's The Lion King, or with a fully customizable human skater, as well as two real-life child skaters, 8-year-old Ryan Holleran and 10-year-old Mallie Ann Torres.
The Zhou additionally discouraged the human sacrifice of the preceding eras and unified the Chinese language.
(I) Introduced - a species introduced to Namibia as a consequence, direct or indirect, of human actions, and which has a self-sustaining population
Sheep and buffalo milk have a higher casein content than other types of milk with human milk having a particularly low casein content.
The human requirements of a cemetery is that it possesses a solemn nature, yet it must not cause the visitor to become depressed.
The author successfully converted a religious story into a very human tale; it remains popular even in modern times.
In 1901 Reginald Aubrey Fessenden made a significant step toward the possibility of broadcasting when he succeeded in superimposing a human voice onto a continuous Hertzian wave.
The human female reproductive system contains three main parts: the vulva, which leads to the vagina, the vaginal opening, to the uterus; the uterus, which holds the developing fetus; and the ovaries, which produce the female's ova.
He also was active, along with other members of the congregation, in the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights in the late 1950s.
Gali's imprisonment was heavily protested by Amnesty International and other human rights groups.
This book investigates the relationship between technology and human behaviour.
Probably a replica version of Astaroth, the latter confesses being intrigued by the large number of human victims who claim to have sinned only because of women, and indicates that he considers a method for verifying the truth in this claim.
Peripheral areas deemed too much destroyed to be re-naturalized have been excluded from the national park and officially deallocated for human development.
Instead of focusing on human rights of Penans, the western activists should focus instead on minorities in their own countries such as Red Indians in North America, Aboriginal Australians, Māori people in New Zealand and Turks in Germany.
In this book, published five years after Knowledge and Human Interests, Habermas explored the fundamental crisis tendencies in the state-managed capitalism.
 Hutchinson, Michael R. "The Margin of Appreciation Doctrine in the European Court of Human Rights", The International and Comparative Law Quarterly, Vol.
Human rights organisations claim some detainees died or were left paralysed.
On the final show (Dec. 4, 1998), Martin and Molloy were to play the final song on their playlist, "Cruel" by Human Nature, but rejected this in favour of more highlights of previous shows.
It is a question, therefore, of accounting for that in human beings which, without their knowing it, makes them capable of posing the world - and of posing it not only in one way, by knowing it, as the traditional analysis holds, but in four different ways on the basis of four different capacities.
SOIL's efforts have focused on the community-identified priority of increasing access to ecological sanitation, where human wastes are converted into compost.
Human expansion threatens the species, notably via a new, wide, graded road through the middle of the type locality.
The letter said that there have been some developments in human and minority rights, but it warned of a lack of implementation of good legislation.
Caesar writes that Druids were responsible for conducting both human and animal sacrifices for those who were sick or at risk of dying in battle.
The v3 optical and software tools were designed to capture and/or format three-dimensional depth information (parallax) in a manner that exploits certain human visual perceptual mechanisms when viewed on standard unaided displays.
In 2020, he received a Sphinx Medal of Excellence and was a National Education Association Human & Civil Rights Awards Honoree.
 Genomic Interval files with IRE predictions made using the RFAM models on the hg18 human genome
A number of human rights were explicitly recognized, including the right to free education, the rights of traditional communities, and the right and duty to peacefully protest coups and other extra-constitutional means of acquiring power.
The human body will release excess heat into the environment, so the body can continue to operate.
Fantastic Four – Mister Fantastic, Human Torch and Thing were arrested by the mutant hunters when they were informed by Invisible Woman that they harbored Wolfsbane.
On 12 September 2019, the outlet won the Human Rights award from the Washington Office on Latin America for their continued coverage of the Crisis in Venezuela.
CDF employs the theory put forward by psychologist Henry Murray that much of human behavior is determined by the effort to satisfy certain psychological (or "psychogenic" needs), most of which are unconscious.
The demon Mephisto attempts to destroy him while in this form since he is now "merely human."
They prefer that the viewer makes their own interpretation of the work and consider that the sculpture may represent something more than a human.
Human rights abuses in Gabon
A monkey's transformed body weds the human mind.
It is a ranking of the 100 people who, according to Hart, most influenced human history.
She eschewed photography of human subjects as she believed draughtsmanship captured better details and delivered spontaneity.
In 2014, Intersex Human Rights Australia and Pride in Diversity partnered to publish a guide on intersex employees for employers.
His research has generally been concerned with the ecology and development of agriculture and other modes of subsistence among human cultures.
Cownose rays can be seen in many public aquaria worldwide and are often featured in special 'touch tanks' where visitors can reach into a wide but shallow pool containing the fish, which have often had their barbs pinched or taken off (they eventually regrow, similar to human nails), making them safe enough to touch.
The intent is to convey the fragility of the human environment through the overview effect.
The genes encoding IGHA1 are found on human chromosome 14.
Eggerickx was also involved in launching The Freedom of Thought Report, published annually since 2012 on International Human Rights Day, which examines the treatment of non-religious people, atheists and freethinkers across the member states of the United Nations.
The human body has a tremendous capacity to adapt to physical stress.
Human blood plasma is important for the body so the nutrients etc.
The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR) asked the Venezuelan Armed Forces to abstain using force and to allow free transit.
Similar fears, as noted by Kenan Malik in his book From Fatwa to Jihad, had been previously expressed in the UK by Muslim philosopher Shabbir Akhtar in 1989, and Massoud Shadjareh, chair of the Islamic Human Rights Commission in 2000.
SWAN has since become a 501(c)3 human rights organization providing national policy advocacy and direct services to U.S. servicewomen and female veterans.
Depending on how strong the human player or the other four AI-engined nobles are, the Pope will decide whether or not to endorse the claim.
Current obstacles of mainstream adoption include the timing and distribution of scents, a fundamental understanding of human olfactory perception, the health dangers of synthetic odours, and other hurdles.
They are described as hypotriploid, containing less than three times the number of chromosomes of a haploid human gamete.
It was also a reliable resource for parents of children with disabilities, employers, workforce and human resource professionals, veterans, military families, caregivers and other community members.
Over 60 million people, the majority of them civilians, were killed, making it the deadliest conflict in human history.
Hess Hall features classrooms, the registrar, the financial aid office, human resources, and IT.
He chaired the Senate Health and Human Services Committee during the 2005 session.
The show features Billy the badger, Dara the fox and a troll called Ruairi, who all live in the park - along with their human friend, May the park keeper.
However, as the United States maintained global power, its role in many regime changes during the Cold War went mostly officially unacknowledged, even when some, such as El Salvador and Argentina, resulted in extensive human rights violations.
The intensity of the interventions by authorities increased at the beginning of March, with reports of at least 18 fatalities on 28 February according to reports of Human Rights Groups, and an additional 38 on 3March, with UN special envoy Christine Schraner Burgener describing the day "as the bloodiest since the coup happened".
She devised a plan with Brenda and Jorge to send them to a safe place where they could restore human civilization and so she stated, "WICKED is good."
The first country to ban lobotomy was the Soviet Union in 1950 as it was considered a practice that violated all forms of human rights.
He was fiercely opposed to the king to have a covenant with the Arabs in the trade of human beings.
Human pathogens have not so far been detected in the Asian longhorned tick in the US.
An LEP retrieval team is sent to scout Fowl Manor using their 'shielding' ability, which allows them to vibrate faster than the human eye can follow.
Prichard reported that 'well constructed walls', one encasing a human skeleton, had been found during the extension of Parciau farmhouse, southwest of the fort, and this may possibly represent a prosperous Roman building.
Animal, human and mechanical forms abound in his paintings, along with wheels, a reference to his lifelong fantasy of being a bus driver.
In transitioning to a human singer, then 21-year-old singer Nagi Yanagi was approached by Ryo to sing the vocals for Supercell's debut single "Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari" (2009).
The links between international peace and security, sustainable human development and democratization were all embraced again by the international community with the unanimous adoption of the United Nations Millennium Declaration at the Millennium Summit in 2000.
 Alexander Muchnik, Ukrainian lawyer, human rights activist and journalist 
He joined Behold...The Arctopus (Colin Marston and Mike Lerner) as their drummer shortly after the duo released their 2002 demo EP We Need A Drummer (the demo had used a drum machine programmed by Marston instead of human drummer).
Angara's rhino skin made him bullet-proof, and his brain from the fox gave him extraordinary intelligence, eyes was made up of vulture's eyes, he has the power taken from elephant, heart of the lion, and body of gorilla which made him look like a human.
These approaches are subject to human error, cost of delay and lack of reuse.
In this film about the effects of human activity on the environment Hawking gave explanations of these effects.Genius of Britain.
The school received immediate international recognition in the 18th century and its pedagogical model drew on the existing fields of human medicine, natural history, and comparative anatomy.
Experts warn that current human activity may lead to an increase in risk of frequent pandemics.
Cuban Democratic Directorate, a nongovernmental organization that supports the human rights movement in Cuba.
Bob Sassone of AOL's TV Squad enjoyed Liz's story here, but noted that he disliked Jenna's stalker story, concluding "...there were a few really funny lines ... but overall I found her missing-her-stalker-on-Valentine's-Day plot to be rather ... icky [...] Honestly, I want to see more of the human, normal side of Jenna".
The issue of compensation and repatriation of the former inhabitants of several of the archipelago's atolls, exiled since 1973, continues in litigation and  has been submitted to the European Court of Human Rights by a group of former residents.
We also learn more about the work of the spirits of the light, as they, incarnated as human beings through many lives, have worked to give mankind greater skills in all matters, to make life on earth easier, and to give us greater knowledge about our true relation to God.
The human XRCC4 gene is located on chromosome 5, specifically at 5q14.2.
For Xiong Shili, the human mind is distinguished by the habituated mind and the original mind.
The scenes are all loosely linked by characters or locations, but more subtly through the common underlying themes of obsession, isolation and human desire for companionship.
In 2001 Human Rights Watch reported that an estimated 13 percent of the 10,000 soldiers in the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) were children, and that some paramilitary forces linked to the government were also using children.
The positioning of the human and lions in the diorama was based on Arab Horseman Killing a Boar and The Tiger Hunt by French sculptor Antoine-Louis Barye.
In 2011, Green directed the music video for The Click Five's song “Don’t Let Me Go”, which was created in partnership with MTV EXIT and featured a message to raise awareness about human trafficking.
The actual birth of the Institute was announced by the Minister of Human Resource Development Shri.
He opposes same-sex marriage, the use of contraceptives, the legalization of marijuana and termination of a human being (abortion).
AFN changed the human rights and economic stability of the Alaska Native population forever.
When the human body is exposed to the solid pathogen, it falls ill, giving rise to the notion of a disease entity.
On December 28, 2007, Neve was appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada, in honour of his human rights work.
The Arkansas Department of Human Services (DHS) is a state agency of Arkansas, headquartered in Donaghey Plaza South of the Donaghey Complex, a five-story building on the southwest corner of Main Street and 7th Street, in Little Rock.
Milorganite can be used without restriction on gardens growing food crops intended for human consumption under United States Environmental Protection Agency  (EPA) rules.
Her research has covered topics including the inter-relationships between archaeology, environmental and climatic change; changing biodiversity as a consequence of climate change and human impact; and the development of the cultural landscape, particularly during the transition to agriculture.
The few studies that have used equivalent (weight-adjusted) human therapeutic doses and oral administration show that these changes, if they occur, are relatively minor.
Embalming is the practice of delaying the decomposition of human and animal remains.
Blatz postulated security as the primary goal of the human being, but conceptualized security not as safety—a static state that is subject to crisis and hence an insecure state—but as a dynamic state.
Hundertwasser Architecture, For a more human architecture in harmony with nature, Cologne: Taschen, 1997 (reprint 2018)
Ansar Burney was a prominent student leader with the People's Student Federation in his youth, during the 1970s, and was known to speak out for justice, human dignity, and civil rights.
This, combined with a period where the asylum seeker is ineligible for a work permit is unique among developed countries and has been condemned from some organisations, including Human Rights Watch.
Dragoljub Popović (born 25 July 1951) is a Serbian judge born in Belgrade and currently the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Serbia.
The movie relies on the instinctual human fear of death, but its message is that dying is a promotion."
Her academic work has been extensively published, appearing in major publications such as the Journal of International Criminal Justice, Leiden Journal of International Law, Singapore Yearbook of International Law, Melbourne Journal of International Law, Melbourne University Law Review, Criminal Law Forum, International Review of the Red Cross, Human Rights Quarterly, and many others.
The closing of the CCC camp after World War II was the end of permanent human habitation in the Sugarlands.
Previously Finca'a was a location of habitat for the endangered African wild dog, Lycaon pictus, but that canid is thought to be extirpated from the region due to human population expansion.
Social design as a discipline has been practiced primarily in two different models, as either the application of the Human Centered Design Methodology in the social sector or governmental sector, or sometimes is synonymously practiced by designers who venture into social entrepreneurship.
Some have argued that denaturalization resulting in statelessness is never compatible with international human rights law.
This led to significant improvements in living standards, quality of life, human health and economic performance in the post-Communist Central European states, relative to the late Communist and early post-Communist periods.
When her deadly powers fade after the death of the master of Hell, she begins looking after an abandoned human child.
An interpretant (or interpretant sign) is a sign's meaning or ramification as formed into a kind of idea or effect, an interpretation, human or otherwise.
At this time, she also painted large canvases, as part of the series Misere des Herzens (Misery of the Heart), with animal silhouettes, human figures and hybrid beings, who seem to float or lie before monochrome backgrounds.
Ten ♣: "A mound or small hill in an otherwise flat landscape could be a sign of ancient human occupation."
They do not "waste their time" attempting to harmonize religious discourses with the concept and declarations pertinent to human rights.
Varibaculum cambriense is a Gram-positive and anaerobic bacterium from the genus of Varibaculum which has been isolated from a human postauricular abscess.
Many mythologies focus on explanations of the universe, natural phenomena, or other themes of human existence, often ascribing agency to one or more deities or other supernatural forces.
The first four verses state the core credo of Confucianism, that is, that human nature is inherently good, as developed by Mencius, considered one of the most influential traditional Chinese philosophers after Confucius.
In spirituality, and especially nondual, mystical and eastern meditative traditions, the human being is often conceived as being an illusion of individual existence, and separateness from other aspects of creation.
The Collaborative Human Tissue Network (the CHTN) was established in 1987 by the National Cancer Institute in response to an increase in the demand for high quality biospecimens for cancer research.
60-	Head of Delegation of Yemen to discuss the State Reports before the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights belong to the Human Rights Council.
Sagan says future exploration of space should focus on ways to protect Earth and to extend human habitation beyond it.
Condo's paintings, like The Orgy (2004), Superman (2005), Batman and Bunny (2005), Maja Desnuda (2005), Dreams and Nightmares of the Queen (2006), and God (2007), place archetypal human figures in a world of humorous, grotesque painting style that the artist refers to as Psychological Cubism.
Westcott also began working closely with the army after coming to the conclusion that the swamps, though inhospitable for human settlement, were the perfect hiding spots for Seminole war camps.
 Human CD Antigen Chart (eBioscience)
On 14 August 2018, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said "anti-China forces had made false accusations against China for political purposes and a few foreign media outlets misrepresented the committee's discussions and were smearing China's anti-terror and crime-fighting measures in Xinjiang" after a UN human rights committee raised concern over reported mass detentions of ethnic Uyghurs.
Bombarded with an abundance of emails, texts, messages, people not only find themselves divesting people of their human characteristics or individuality, but also increasingly treating them as digital units.
In a futuristic Tokyo, unique human beings who have awakened distinct powers are being hunted by a secret organization named Custos.
Padre Garcia's place in history comes not only from his admirable qualities as a human being.
This research has regularly exposed evidence of human habitation in the area.
They know this, and yet, with this book in their hands, in the light of which human bondage cannot live a moment, they are going to vote against me.
Treatment of human faeces for soil amendment has been extensively studied, notably with the use of biochar (a soil improver in its own right) to remove odours and retain nutrients.
In Season 2, he resumes wearing his original cloth mask, and his eyes and skin appear to be completely human.
The Dormer windows look as though they have simply opened up out of the shell, thus making a concession to human use.
In 1992 the OAS Inter-American Commission on Human Rights recommended prosecution of Col. Cid Díaz for murder in association with the 1983 Las Hojas massacre.
The following year, the award was presented to Winston Churchill, British prime minister during the Second World War, for his "dedicated and devoted service to the cause of human liberty".
End users are the ultimate human users (also referred to as operators) of a software product.
Many of Dr. Zuhayli's opinions were seen as very moderate – including his support for what he called Islamic democracy, human rights, and freedom.
In addition he has won two Jussi awards for his film music, which another came from the 1988 film The Glory and Misery of Human Life.
In the same year Darien published L'Épaulette, which inaugurated the program of complementing The Human Comedy of Honoré de Balzac with his own Comédie inhumaine.
Ringo and the others change back to human form, and the soldiers stand down as Ringo is familiar to them.
He eventually pursued transcendence of human emotions and egoism in his later works including  (1914) and his last and unfinished novel Light and darkness (1916).
Originally, the co-op player characters would be Chell (the single player character), and Mel, another human test subject.
It was also accused of assassinating Father M. X. Karunaratnam, the chairman of the Pro-LTTE North East Secretariat on Human Rights (NESOHR).
The government had not conducted any inquiries, investigations, studies, or surveys on human trafficking.
From 1982 until 1994 Peterson worked in Northrop's B-2 division (Advanced Systems Division) in Pico Rivera, California, at Air Force Plant 42 in Palmdale, California, and at Edwards Air Force Base, becoming manager of system safety and human factors.
The primary reason this letter stands out more than any other is that it was delivered with a small box containing half of what doctors later determined was a human kidney which had been preserved in spirits.
, 13 of Al-Islah's parliament members were women, including human rights activist and Nobel laureate Tawakel Karman, who created the activist group Women Journalists Without Chains in 2005 and became the first Yemeni and Arab woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize in 2011.
Human factors and socio-technical systems 
In the latter half of the twentieth century, social scientists debated whether human behaviour was the product of nature (genes) or nurture (environment in the developmental period, including culture).
Testimony of the prehistoric age is also the cave of Pietrosa, the cavity formed by a single large underground environment in which it is a human settlement since the Bronze Age and the Helladic period, as shown by the pottery found in it.
Although not a primary mechanism of action, some experts in human reproduction believe there is sufficient evidence to suggest that IUDs with copper can disrupt implantation, especially when used for emergency contraception.
Feeling uneasy about her current stance as a human being without a type of faith, she converted to Christianity, claiming she had a vision of an encounter with Jesus Christ; the date was February 1946.
As of 2016, AlphaGo's algorithm uses a combination of machine learning and tree search techniques, combined with extensive training, both from human and computer play.
Rimini believed in the human inability to lead a moral life without divine grace, and in predestination.
For example, the website claims, "Israel deliberately attacked Palestinian ... civilian infrastructure", but does not contextualize the claim with Hamas's use of human shields in the Gaza Strip.
Many lemur species have already gone extinct in the last 2000 years due to human activity, and are collectively referred to as the "subfossil lemurs".
An airline security official told Human Rights Watch that he saw two airline security officials and three apparently Middle Eastern men enter the hotel and go to her room, which he said was near the lobby.
The institutionalised enslavement of human beings from African heritage was first abolished by the French Republic in 1794, but Napoleon revoked that decree in 1802.
Her research is in the areas of intellectual history, historical analysis and critique, human rights, and gender literature and social issues.
The UN Human Rights Council's Working Group of Experts on People of African Descent issued a report in 2017 finding "clear evidence that racial profiling is endemic in the strategies and practices used by law enforcement" in Canada.
Writers characterize Stanley as "a socially and politically engaged satirist" in the tradition of history painting, whose work documents the human condition, modern-day romance, and contemporary social issues using humor, allegory, myth and idiosyncratic, expressive figuration.
However, because the robotic replica was not able to grow and age like a normal human child, Doctor Tenma sold him to a Robot Circus led by the cruel Ham Egg.
The following year, Viloria served as one of three intersex participants chosen by ILGA-Europe to co-organize the third International Intersex Forum, in Malta, which led to the creation of the Malta Declaration, an internationally agreed declaration of the demands and human rights goals of the international intersex community.
At Virgin Galactic, his responsibilities included the development of privately funded launch systems, human spaceflight vehicles, advanced technologies, and other new space applications.
Increased negative ionization in the atmosphere increased human mass excitability.
This occurred in combination with a non-hierarchical theory for understanding human basic needs (Glasser 1998).
It occurs only in the littoral forest on the shoreline of the eastern region, which has had its span reduced from about  to isolated portions due to human development.
According to her later account of her life, she had visions of Jesus Christ, which she thought were a normal part of human experience and continued to practice austerity.
As a youth and university student he had witnessed the human grief and suffering that surrounded the First World War.
Sometime in the 1920s, Nikritin attempted to develop a typology and classification of human voices, movements, gestures, emotions, sounds, and colors according to the principles and terms of biomechanics, musical harmony, and acoustics.
Human resources obligations are also increasingly being assigned or "devolved" to line managers.
The Church considers the expression of love between husband and wife to be an elevated form of human activity, joining husband and wife in complete, mutual self-giving, and opening their relationship to new life.
At Fort Detrick and Dugway Proving Ground, human trials were conducted on Whitecoat volunteers to determine the median infective dose (18 MICLD50/person i.h.)
In 2009, Israel's Shin Bet prevented Jabarin, from travelling to the Netherlands to accept the Geuzenpenning, a prestigious Dutch human rights prize presented by the Geuzen Resistance 1940-1945 Foundation jointly awarded to Al-Haq and B'Tselem.
Dr. Hafner authored and led to passage significant pieces of legislation in the areas of education, ethics, health, workforce, environment and human services.
The Angels describe the cruelty of a God who creates man with conflicting desires, making him "ashamed to be human."
Asad points out what is incumbent on a Muslim: namely, belief in the "Oneness of God" — indivisible in His existence, unattainable by human thought, all-embracing in His wisdom and power — and in the apostleship of Muhammad.
The poem was controversial at the time of its publication because it contested the established weighting of human experiences.
Sequencing of the human genome has provided a great deal of information about each of the chromosomes.
 Stoned Guitar - The Human Instinct
The album personnel also includes bassist Chris Maclachlan from Human Sexual Response and drummer Jonathan Ulman.
It put forth an idea that has become commonplace today: that there is a basic and pervasive human need to symbolize, to invent meanings, and to invest meanings in one's world.
 The United Nations and International Power Politics: The Future of World Order: In co-operation with International Human Rights Association of American Minorities and East-West University, Chicago, Ill., USA, 5 June 2004
Nevertheless, the historian Hilda Ellis Davidson expressed the view that "undoubtedly human sacrifice must have been known to the Anglo-Saxons, even if it played no great part in their lives".
He introduced the concept of appreciative systems to describe human activity.
	Human Excellence Award (2008) instituted by Institution of Engineers (India) and AVR Foundation, Hyderabad.
The Food Safety segment provides diagnostic kits test and other complementary products for dangerous or unintended substances testing in both human and animal food.
The Human Rights Campaign, which scores politicians' support for LGBT rights, gave Flake a score of 12% in the 115th Congress and a 32% in the 114th Congress.
Sociologists and anthropologists—amongst others—have categorized NLP as a quasi-religion belonging to the New Age and/or Human Potential Movements.
Upon appeal, the 17th Circuit Court found that the decision by the Board of Human Rights of Broward County was "not supported by competent, substantial evidence" and quashed the order.
China also received international criticism for Xinjiang re-education camps and other human rights abuses against Hui people and other ethnic and religious minority groups.
While government officials called the report "comprehensive", democrats and human rights organisations were unanimous in declaring it a whitewash of police misdeeds.
Like the other Cappadocian fathers Gregory of Nazianzus and Basil of Caesarea, Evagrius was an avid student of Origen of Alexandria (c. 185-250 AD), and he further developed certain esoteric speculations regarding the pre-existence of human souls, the Origenist account of apocatastasis, and certain teachings about the natures of God and Christ.
Before his general hatred, Knives is shown to be the most enthusiastic of the twins to interact with human beings, before the discovery of Tessla.
Human Rights Watch investigated 19 incidents involving 53 civilian deaths in Gaza that Israel said were the result of Hamas fighting in densely populated areas and did not find evidence for existence of Palestinian fighters in the areas at the time of the Israeli attack.
During this time, he was also responsible for the collection of human remains of Indigenous Australians, some of which were shipped to overseas institutions.
Additionally, all EU countries have a very high Human Development Index according to the United Nations Development Programme.
In only a few cases has it been found on human corpses.
In March 2015, Le Richemond Hotel was host to the University of Essex's Human Rights Centre's 50th anniversary.
The stories of human bones still littering the field at the site and the banks of the Verdigris is correct.
This document explains why an action will not have a significant effect on the human environment and includes the EA or a summary of the EA that supports the FONSI determination.
They will take any other action needed in order to guarantee the healthiness and purity of water intended for human consumption.
[...] The product of the process is a use-value, a piece of natural material adapted to human needs by means of change in its form.
It was concurrently announced that an Independent Task Force on Human Rights had been established, which would review his case to see if due process has been followed.
The stone-throwing continued even though no human activity was seen.
The Moroccan Association for Human Rights has frequently taken polemical cases which had brought many supporters but also a lot of detractors.
The games take place mostly on Earth where the Furon Cryptosporidium, also known as Crypto, is tasked by his superiors to gather Furon DNA locked inside human brain stems in order to save his race from cloning themselves to extinction.
AMDH is a member of International Federation for Human Rights (FIDH).
The visitor center is south of the dam on Vega Reservoir and features displays and exhibits that depict the human and natural history of the area.
Larner was previously Professor of Human Geography and Sociology at the University of Bristol.
An experienced human could compare these to the known images to identify a match.
In developmental biology, this is one of the comprehensible examples of chemotaxis, which is important for an understanding of human inflammation, arthritis, asthma, lymphocyte trafficking, and axon guidance.
The levels present in vaccines are minuscule when compared to naturally occurring levels of formaldehyde in the human body and pose no significant risk of toxicity.
  In addition to developing innovative methods of teaching science through the arts, Lerman started using science to promote peace and human rights around the globe.
Regulation of conscious, ethically aware AGIs focuses on integrating them with existing human society and can be divided into considerations of their legal standing and of their moral rights.
FMS-WISDOM at Banasthali Vidyapith under the National Resource Center setup by Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India, developed video based modules with focus on Indian ethos for management teachers.
CYLD lysine 63 deubiquitinase, also known as CYLD, is a human gene.
It also spawned the development of related subject areas including human nutrition, radiography, clinical science, optometry, podiatry, pharmacy, pharmacology and stratified medicine.
In 2006, it focused was on nanotechnology, women in science, observing the Earth, astrophysics and space, and the human world.
She has since been serving on the Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Subcommittee on Security and Defence.
These methods include in vitro testing, computer simulations, and testing cosmetics on human volunteers.
One of the threats to its survival in South Asia is human influence by habitat destruction; many caves have been turned into attractions.
The "soul-sucking" computer cannot remove human souls completely.
In vivo activity against human solid tumors in mice was shown against malignant gynecological tumor cells, like ovarian cancer, and against breast cancer.
Protocols for avoidance of the effects of hyperoxia exist in fields where oxygen is breathed at higher-than-normal partial pressures, including underwater diving using compressed breathing gases, hyperbaric medicine, neonatal care and human spaceflight.
She served as the Vice Chairman of the Board's Ethics Committee and on the Human Resources Committee between 2014 and 2015.
During excavations conducted in the archaeological site located 3 km southwest of Ayrum, the remains of a Bronze Age cyclopean fortress were found, along with small metallic sculptures of a human face and several animals, dating back to the period between the 10th and 7th centuries BC.
Hicks stressed that basic urges, including all sexual passions, were neither implanted by an external evil, but all were aspects of human nature as created by God.
Comparing visual representations across human fMRI and computational vision.
In the Buddhist parable, the father symbolises the Buddha, and the son symbolises any human being.
It means that child victims of criminal offences, including human trafficking, are to be protected from sanctions or prosecution for acts that they committed in relation to their situation as victims.
The translation of the truncated ARF, smARF, is initiated at an internal methionine (M45) of the ARF transcript in human and mouse cells.
This is due to the government increasing its investment in human capital in the last 30 years.
It's about time The Human Menagerie was recognised as a classic."
Frequency Distribution of Lymphatic Filariasis Microfilariae in Human Populations: Population Processes and Statistical Estimation.
When communicating with a human their level of comprehension is generally comparable to a toddler.
Kurzweil believes these large scale simulations are valuable, but says a more explicit "functional algorithmic model" will be required to achieve human levels of intelligence.
A royal commission of 1917 reported on the "unspeakably filthy privy-middens in many of the mining areas, badly constructed incurably damp labourers' cottages on farms, whole townships unfit for human occupation in the crofting counties and islands ... groups of lightless and unventilated houses in the older burghs, clotted masses of slums in the great cities".
Through praxis, human beings are able to realise a wider range of possibilities for action.
She was the embodiment of Lock's frenetic and technically challenging androgynous aesthetic in works such as Human Sex (1985) and Infante, c'est destroy (1991).
Prior to Italy, Geline attended courses for credit; Human Rights course at the University of Strasbourg France coordinated by the   Institut International des Droits de l’Homme.
Plato and Aristotle teach that the highest thing in man is reason and therefore, the purpose of human perfection lies with the activity of reason; i.e.
Therefore, a major question is how are human gametes recognized by immune effector cells.
Ancient Rome commanded a vast area of land, with tremendous natural and human resources.
Discovery of previously unknown historical human migration patterns by Neil Hanchard and his team.
The City of Culture, the currency Museum, the Russian Orthodox Church, Tunis, the seat Embassy of Libya, the Foundation Bouebdelli owned by Mohamed Bouebdelli and his wife Madeleine, a garden (Place of human Rights) and parking are also installed on the prestigious Avenue.
But I think it's hard to be a human in general — we all have our own struggles and things to overcome."
 Human Voices (Five Star Books, 2002)
The Gemini astronauts were sixteen pilots who flew in Project Gemini, NASA's second human spaceflight program, between projects Mercury and Apollo.
Vlad also practices the human art of witchcraft; "táltos" is Hungarian for a kind of supernatural person in folklore.
Joshua Baker Simpson, the Union faculty member of that university inspired many students like Thompson to appreciate research as a tool for enhancing the human condition, specifically the African Americans.
Cut into the western wall of the debating chamber are laminated glass panels, of different shapes, intended to give a human dimension to the chamber.
Rynkevich is best known for his role as lead defence counsel for Alaksandar Kazulin, former Chairman of BSDP and one of the most prominent Eastern-European human rights activist, and for advocating the release of American lawyer Emanuel Zeltser and his assistant Vladlena Funk during the U.S. - Belarus hostage crisis in 2008-2009.
Today, the Alms and Doepke Dry Goods Company building is owned by the Hamilton County government, which uses it as offices for its Job and Family Services and human resources departments, as it is located across Central Parkway from the Hamilton County Courthouse.
Although there had been four biologically distinct genetic human populations in North America, as has been identified by DNA analysis, only one of these populations, that known as the Paleo-Indians, pushed as far south as Mesoamerica and South America, meaning that the indigenous inhabitants of that latter continent were genetically homogenous.
Human rights groups stated to the press that ex-police officer Marta Jorgelina Oviedo was serving her life imprisonment sentence for the 2002 killing of Andrea Viera under house arrest.
Controversy has been sparked when the performance artist Zhu Yu claimed that he prepared, cooked and ate real human bodies, including fetuses, as an artistic performance.
 Human resources development leading to more effective institutions.
The assailants threatened to kill Trochez because of his participation in the anti-coup movement, the International Observatory on the Human Rights Situation said.
Where the film does combine diegetic noise with the music, the effects used are human (laughter or cheering) and offer a rhythmic extension to the music rather than a contrast to it.
I hope I have succeeded – I have tried to capture both the iconic and the human sides of Her Majesty.”
 Against Terror, No Way Forward without Respect for Human Rights, Jadaliyya, July 
Sexologist Kurt Freund described frotteurism and toucherism as courtship disorders that occur at the tactile stage of human courtship.
The network aims to influence the decisions of the EIB and the EBRD and campaign for the protection of human rights and the environment.
‘Variomics’ (which appeared in the literature before ‘variome’) was first coined by Professor Richard ‘Dick’ Cotton in 2002 to describe (“The systematic study of the effect of genetic variation on human health”).
Conferences, seminars and consultations on topics with contemporary relevance such as development education, conflict resolution, communication, human rights, ecology and faith, peace and reconciliation and concerns of the differently-abled and sexual minority are held all round the years.
It won music awards from Korea's three main broadcast stations KBS, MBC and SBS, and won the WPMA (World Peace Music Award) in 2003 for their activities in promoting human rights.
The second phase, Biotech II, addresses regional projects in biotechnological innovation linked to human health (diagnosis, prevention and the development of vaccines against infectious diseases, cancer, type 2 diabetes and autoimmune diseases) and biomass production (traditional and non-traditional crops), biofuel elaboration processes and evaluation of its by-products.
A member of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan claimed in 2010, though without official record, that around 20 to 25 girls from the Hindu community, along with people from other minorities like Christians, are abducted every month and forcibly converted.
The trees have strange shapes, even human faces can be depicted from their trunks.
Garvey explained to Music Week that the band had wanted to use an image that showed as many people as possible, to depict a wide range of human emotions and interactions, and which could be opened out to display a larger photograph on gatefold versions of the album.
It was generally supposed in New Zealand that Nash was a 'wowser', opposed to such human pleasures.
The Human Country: New and Collected Stories.
The Council of the Vatican declares, "God, the beginning and end of all, can, by the natural light of human reason, be known with certainty from the works of creation".
James Orengo is a Kenyan lawyer, a well known human rights activist and a prominent politician who is the current senator for Siaya County.
This effort takes a holistic approach to next generation design, and considers the resilience aspects that are not well quantified, such as cyber security, human interaction and complex interdependencies.
Human chess, living chess or live chess is a form of chess in which people take the place of pieces.
Published in the collection Freedom: Short stories Celebrating the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
There are three endowed professorships at UVA named after him: The F. Palmer Weber Research Professorship in Civil Liberties and Human Rights in the School of Law; and the F. Palmer Weber Medical Research Professorship, and the F. Palmer Weber - Smithfield Foods Professorship for Oncology in the School of Medicine.
The Faculty has focused on human resource development in the areas of architecture, urban design, and creative arts, and on promoting art and cultural conservation.
It is implied he dreams of taking over the world and eliminating the human race.
Tradition is inconsistent, and human beings need an extra-traditional guide to identify which traditions are acceptable.
After participating in the "United Nations Inter-Governmental Conference on Human Environment" at Stockholm in 1972, which gave legitimacy to environmental issues, the then Prime Minister of India and President, CSIR, Smt.
This may give rise to unjustified critique towards zoos in general in particular by some animal rights groups, which object to the keeping of wild animals (and for that matter also of domestic animals and companion animals in human care).
A new regulation (174A) has been added to Regulation 174 of the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 which will provide temporary authorisation for the promotion of medicinal products, including COVID-19 vaccines, in limited forms of advertisements where permitted in campaigns "relating to the suspected or confirmed spread of pathogenic agents".
The Hofmeyr Skull is a specimen of a 36,000-year-old anatomically modern human skull that was found in 1952 near Hofmeyr, South Africa.
The campus houses all seven faculties of the institution namely The School of Agriculture, School of Education, School of Environmental Science, School of Health Sciences, School of Human and Social Sciences, School of Management Sciences, School of Mathematical and Natural Sciences and The Univen School of Law.
 U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
He has been described as "first Darwinian sociologist" or "the first sociobiologist", as well as “an authority in the history of morals and of marriage customs.” He denied the then prevailing view that early human beings lived in sexual promiscuity, arguing that in fact historically monogamy preceded polygamy.
Smith was later dubbed "the human pogo stick" by former Roanoke sportswriter Bill Brill.
They succeeded in unifying different branches of the human rights movement.
The 2013 Parajanov-Vartanov Institute Award posthumously honored Saroyan for the play The Time of Your Life and the novel Human Comedy.
Paul also emphasizes the individual human responsibility for their sin when he described the predominance of death over all "because all have sinned" (Romans 5:12).
These include life-size dioramas of our human predecessors Australopithecus afarensis, Homo ergaster, Neanderthal, and Cro-Magnon, showing each species demonstrating the behaviors and capabilities that scientists believe they were capable of.
 The Divine Desperation of the Human Condition (2012)
Equipped with the coordination capabilities offered by ICT, communities, municipalities and nation states could thus build links, reign in global corporate power and design a flexible polity rooted in what Murray profoundly believed to be the creative power of all human beings.
In the early 1970s Albrecht turned away from the human form and began looking at the landscape, her garden, and arranging natural objects on coloured backgrounds.
ARC is a "prodromal phase of infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)" that includes: low grade fever, unexplained weight loss, diarrhea, opportunistic infections and generalized lymphadenopathy.
In 1949, he was sent to The Gambia as a member of the Medical Research Council's Human Nutrition Research Unit, and was appointed Director of the MRC's Gambian Field Station at Fajara in 1954.
These strains found in New Haven is not to be confused with HCoV-NH (New Haven coronavirus), which is a strain of Human coronavirus NL63.
Penelope Victoria "Penny" Sanchez (voiced by Hynden Walch): Penny is Rudy's Latina best friend and crush, a genius who helps him, and is the only other human besides Rudy who knows about ChalkZone.
Werewolves can be animals, plants, individual objects or spirits that take human form.
z-base-32 is a Base32 encoding designed by Zooko Wilcox-O'Hearn to be easier for human use and more compact.
Some of these include the Freedom in the World ranking, the Worldwide Press Freedom Index, the Index of Freedom in the World, and the CIRI Human Rights Data Project.
Holding was selected as one of 175 faces of Chemistry by the Royal Society of Chemistry for a combination of his research in "fields of science crucial for improving human wellbeing" and his investment of "huge amounts of time and energy in establishing science communication, engagement, and outreach initiatives for scientists and laypeople alike".
He was co-founder and co-director of the Chimpanzee and Human Communication Institute (CHCI) in Washington, and a professor of psychology at the Central Washington University.
Shiv Chopra, Canadian microbiologist and human rights activist
However, the stress from this caused Connors to again transform; the Lizard then battled Spider-Man and the Human Torch, and was restored to normal once again by Spider-Man.
Bravo to directors Darrin Fletcher and Chet Thomas for bringing Tim Ballard and the human rights issue of child sex trafficking to light" 
Over the years, human activity has had a significant effect on the river.
Marxists view capitalism as a historically unusual system of relationships between classes, which could be replaced by other economic systems that would serve human well being better.
In May 2013 Jada Pinkett Smith and Lisa Ling presented Flower with the Creative Impact Award from the Cast LA in recognition of her work in music education and in countering human trafficking by .
In 2021, researchers from Swansea University partnered with the Scar Free Foundation to bioprint 3D transplantable cartilage made of human stem cells and plant-based materials to give a 10-year-old girl an ear transplant.
3610 would make several changes to laws related to human trafficking:
Participants are encouraged to explore using the human body in order to tell their story, and as a result RAW division has greater emphasis on choreography, dance and drama.
Human EH3 is a recently characterized protein with epoxy hydrolase activity for metabolizing epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs) and vernolic acids (leukotoxins) to their corresponding diols; in these capacities they may thereby limit the cell signaling activity of the EETs and contribute to the toxicity of the leukotoxins.
The resolution established UNOTIL for one year to support the development of state institutions and police, and training regarding democratic governance and human rights through the provision of relevant officers.
Her argument is considered by many to have established the moral permissibility of abortion even under the assumption that the foetus is a human being.
This phenomenon can be highlighted by using the human body as an example.
The princess returns and is finally united with the human prince.
The European Union suspended aid in 1993 in protest of alleged voting irregularities and human rights violations.
The National Human Rights Committee proposed a registry that would cover both same-sex couples and unmarried opposite-sex ones and the Greek group OLKE announced its intention to sue Greek municipalities that refused to marry same-sex couples.
The film follows the story of nine Iraqi businessmen who were arrested in 1995 by Saddam Hussein's regime which was notorious for human rights abuses.
As a member of parliament, Hassouna advocates for basic human rights for Egyptian citizens, free religious speech and sermons, and reforms within education and culture.
In the 21st century, the relationship between sports and technology is getting closer to the point where human testing alone couldn't catch up with the greatly fluctuating standards.
A German Rex cat is very friendly and quickly bonds with its human.
The "Old Man" is invited to London to see "The Procession of The Peoples", an event celebrating the new order and the triumph of the human spirit.
In 1979, South End published Chomsky and Herman's revised Counter-Revolutionary Violence as the two-volume The Political Economy of Human Rights, which compares U.S. media reactions to the Cambodian genocide and the Indonesian occupation of East Timor.
Police brutality, provincial power struggles, violence against women, and government corruption all contribute to the low awareness of basic human rights in the country.
He claims that health (sihha) is the "disposition of human body with respect to its temperament and structure such that all of [its] actions [or functions] proceed from it in a sound and unimpaired way."
Jacob took Lock and raised him as a human, under the guise of Tobias.
In 2019, the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled that the German authorities refusal to follow court orders is a breach of fundamental human rights and German ministers could face prison.
The archaeological survey of the area considered the bones were not there due to natural death, but more likely cast into the mere after human predation.
He has also founded EyeWire, an online computer game that mobilizes social computing and machine learning on a mission to map the human brain.
At the time of its release, Variety wrote "Faithful adherence to the original H. G. Wells story is one of the main virtues of The History of Mr Polly," with the reviewer concluding that "Director Anthony Pelissier has put all the emphasis on the principal characters, and has extracted every ounce of human interest from the classic.
As a member of the Human Health and Performance Directorate, he also served as the medical lead for the health maintenance system and direct return aircraft development.
The aim is to let in the human being, as a specific entity, inside anthropology, which he considers focused on cultural sets or social systems, and also on situations, actions, relations.
According to Amnesty international annual report 2015–2016, Houthis and allied forces loyal to former President Saleh have expanded their arbitrary arrests, detentions and abductions of government supporters, activists, and human rights defenders.
The United Nations Human Rights Council's Special Rapporteur on Freedom of Expression warned South Korea's government about its censorship, noting among other things that South Korea's defamation laws are often used to punish statements "that are true and are in the public interest".
According to the United States Department of State, the trial "failed to conform to international standards for the protection of the human rights of the defendants", and specifically the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
His work fuses comedy with commentary on the darker side of human nature.
This occurs for the processing of ethanol in the human body.
Their third project is the human rights violations of the Rohingya refugees in Burma who are being ethnic cleansed and living with acts of abuse by the Burmese junta.
She is highly educated in numerous areas of Eternal and human knowledge.
AVERT suggested that, discrimination and other human rights violations may occur in health care settings, barring people from accessing health services or enjoying quality health care.
The revolution in the Ten Commandments was that God cared about how human beings treated each other.
In 2005, RANGIKAINGA received a commendation from the Human Rights Commission (New Zealand) for its positive contribution to race relations.
From those experiences, Hourman decided that the best person to guide him through his personal growth was the former mascot of the League, and normal human, Snapper Carr.
The political and consequent social instability created in Guatemala six years later resulted in a very long civil war and its consequent, destructive impact upon the society, the economy, human rights and the culture of Guatemala.
Evidence of these early renovations include markings of a clenched human fist on a marble pillar.
Francisco Palmieri, a US diplomat for Latin American affairs, called the arrest the "latest example in a long litany of human right abuses".
Human Rights Watch also identified Azerbaijani usage of cluster munitions in Hadrut.
Human rights groups suggest that the government's policing efforts are too "timid".
LTW's patented technology combines laser assisted tissue welding with human serum albumin as the solder, which together quickly stops bleeding and fluid leaks without using mechanical compression, sutures, haemostatic clotting factors (platelets/thrombin/fibrin), or thermal ablation (diathermy/radiofrequency ablation), all of which damage surrounding tissues.
Early examination of human remains from the Herjolfsnes churchyard gave rise to a belief that its inhabitants had died out from inbreeding and overall degeneration from extreme cultural and geographic isolation.
Małgorzata Wasilewska (born 1960) is a Polish diplomat, human rights activist, and European Union ambassador to Jamaica (2016–2020) and Barbados (since 2020).
Paenalcaligenes hominis is a bacterium from the genus Paenalcaligenes which has been isolated from human blood in Gothenburg in Sweden.
He opposes banning federal health coverage if abortion is included and opposes using human embryos for stem cell research.
Utgard needs be compared with the Midgard, the world of human affairs, and Asgard, variously attested at the crux of the matter, the centre of the world, as identified with Troy by Snorri Sturluson.
Research indicates that dogs also fixate the right side of a human face, but not that of other dogs or other animals.
Other antiquaries included ceramics, stone tools (adzes), a decorated bronze bell (19.7 cm in height), bone spear, harpoon shafts and human remains.
His feet lay upon armor, which could be identified with the newly conquered barbarians, or it may depict the descent of the Julian family from Mars through his human children Romulus and Remus.
In both human peripheral blood leukocytes and murine splenocytes, (+)-discodermolide was found to suppress the two-way mixed lymphocyte reaction.
As part of the Exchange, he regularly corresponds with Dr. Lucas, his human counterpart on his home planet of Denobula Triaxa.
In human retinal pigment epithelial cell (RPE), the expression of anosmin-1 is regulated by TGF-β which remain to be investigated.
"Jimmy Carter was perhaps the least supportive of US human space efforts of any president in the last half-century", Logsdon wrote.
Anarchism can entail opposing authority or hierarchy in the conduct of all human relations.
The only hope for the human race is a group of marines.
An alternative explanation posits biological dispersal; plants and/or seeds could float across the Pacific without any human contact.
), Systems: New paradigms for the human sciences (pp.
"Ka Hsaw Wa dedicated his life to human rights activism, speaking fluent English and Burmese, dodging back and forth as he plays cat-and-mouse with the border guards, marrying another rights worker and even raising a family.
Also included in this work is a sketch by artist Joaquín Reyes (1949-1994) and a poem by Ana Irma Rivera Lassén, an Afro-Puerto Rican attorney, human rights activist, and feminist.Aliens in NYC (2012, Atabex), Matos-Cintrón's full-length book of poetry, deals with the subject of migration.
The subject has been described as significant and different from sociological and psychological approaches to the study of organizational behavior and human resource management in various ways.
The Young Lords were at first, Boricuan, Afro-Taino men who fought for basic human rights and “openly challenged machismo, sexism, and patriarchy.” Bianca Canales, Luisa Capetillo, Connie Cruz, and Denise Oliver became leaders in the Young Lords, and facilitated a “Ten-Point Health Program."
At its core, it contextualizes political and ecological explanations of human behavior.
However, TWAIL highlights that some concepts in international law simultaneously serve as both an instrument of oppression and emancipation – like the international human rights regime, which not only justifies the internationalization of property rights but also the protection of peoples’ freedoms.
 Scent of Human Desire (2003)
Making vulnerable groups suffer austerity cuts disproportionately goes against non-discrimination principles which the UK has agreed to under international human rights law.
In 2018 he was elected as vice-chair of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights for renewable two-year term.
If one hypothesizes that the woman's story is fictitious from A to Z, that in no way diminishes the avalanche of human rights violations."
Taylor explains, "Toryism rests on doubt in human nature; it distrusts improvement, clings to traditional institutions, prefers the past to the future.
Devegetation brought about by unfavourable hydrologic conditions, climate change induced droughts, as well as unsustainable human activities such as overgrazing, agriculture, and deforestation, exposes the soil to frequent water and wind erosion, creating desert.
With these they would advocate for a place for memory, human rights and sexuality in democratic talks.
In the vampire story arc, he briefly becomes a vampire but retains the increase in power after becoming human again.
The resulting music, The Hope of All Ages, featured narrated texts by world leaders in the realms of religion, diplomacy and human rights.
One committed with "extreme" or "gross" recklessness as to human life would constitute murder, sometimes defined as "depraved heart" or "abandoned and malignant heart" or "depraved indifference" murder.
YBC was initiated by the All-China Youth Federation (ACYF), the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, and other agencies in November 2003; YBC is implemented by the China Youth & Children Foundation for Social Education.
They worked in close harmony with the Labour Movement and were concerned with the spiritual and social needs of the human race with regard to daily life and conduct.
The aquatic creatures looked human with yellowish-dark eyes and bodies covered with short, brownish hair.
Since March 2001, he has been deputy secretary general of the International Federation for Human Rights (FIDH).
The magazine contains many examples of and statements in favour of a more human form of urban planning.
Furthermore, refuse in cities – animal, especially horse, feces and human effluent (from chamber pots) – was usually thrown directly into the street (often with minimal advance warning).
The protocol responds to the concerns regarding possible improper use of genetic testing and aims to protect the dignity and identity of all human beings within this sphere.
Human Development Index: 0.719, 92 out of 341 (2003)
In: Human Genetics, Proceedings of the Seventh International Congress, Berlin 1986.
The coast guard is responsible for patrolling Kenya's territorial waters, preventing unlawful fishing, piracy, human and drug trafficking, smuggling and prevention of environmental damage.
Some international observers and human rights organisations have expressed doubts about the future of the political freedoms currently enjoyed in Hong Kong.
Under the supervision of Doctor Julian Loro (Michael Ironside), Sam undergoes a series of experiments to scan and alter human emotions.
The Tribe and WSDOT initially collaborated on exploring the artifacts but, with the discovery of 10,000 artifacts and 335 human remains, and recognition that the site was nearly intact, the Tribe demanded that the construction project be abandoned.
Nouns in Naʼvi show greater number distinctions than those in most human languages do: besides singular and plural, they not only have special dual forms for two of an item (eyes, hands, lovers, etc.
The Eugenics Record Office (ERO), located in Cold Spring Harbor, New York, United States, was a research institute that gathered biological and social information about the American population, serving as  a center for eugenics and human heredity research from 1910 to 1939.
Precipitation is important for the area's biodiversity and human population.
Early studies in cancer cell lines and in human cancer patients indicate superior efficacy to the taxanes.
Known internationally for his efforts to promote peace and human rights, Haddox worked with many organizations over the years, including the American Friends Service Committee and the student organization MEChA.
LERA's constituencies are professionals in the areas of academic research and education, compensation and benefits, human resources, labor and employment law, labor and management resources, labor markets and economics, public policy, training and development, and union administration and organizing.
paratuberculosis and its role in the development of Type-1 diabetes mellitus when human gene SLC11A1 undergoes particular mutations in a susceptible host.
In addition, opponents claimed there was little evidence that GMO foods posed a danger to human health.
The phallic rock statue has dual functions; primarily it is a reminder to the monks to remain celibate, but it is also a symbol of fertility and human life.
Rush discovers that the number 46 relates to the number of human chromosomes and begins sequencing different genetic codes to finally gain control of the ship's operating system.
Human traffickers exploit domestic and foreign victims in Antigua and Barbuda, and traffickers exploit victims from Antigua and Barbuda abroad.
Gwyn's Keep is now an ancient ruin housing Aldrich, Devourer of Gods, a former human cleric who mutated into an amorphous blob due to his cannibalism, and one of the five Lords of Cinder.
Inhimillinen tieto: Mitä se on ja mitä se ei ole English translation by Anssi Korhonen Human Knowledge: A Classic Statement of Logical Empiricism, 2014, Open Court.
During the negotiations following the Agreement, she was the Chairperson of the Human Rights Sub-Committee until 2003.
On WWE's Legends of Wrestling in 2009, longtime industry personality Jim Ross stated that he "didn't like" Sweetan and "didn't want to be around him", describing him as a "miserable human being".
In the summer of 2008, he started to write The Other Side of the Microphone, an autobiography about his Decca years and the human experience of recording great musicians.
The Master had been hiding in human form at the end of the universe using a Chameleon Arch, having escaped the destruction of both the Time Lords and the Daleks.
Marathi bhajans start with the naman (invocation of god), followed by the Roopancha Abhang (Portraying the physical beauty of god by personifying in the human form) and towards the end bhajans giving spiritual and ethical messages are sung.
The first single from APPIA Music was "Anasthasia" which consists of Sam and T99, the second release is "Dominator" made by Mr. Sam and Human Resource which is the first single from his new album.
As examples for this, Faivre pointed to the esoteric concept of the macrocosm and microcosm, often presented as the dictum of "as above, so below", as well as the astrological idea that the actions of the planets have a direct corresponding influence on the behaviour of human beings.
This subject was born upon a recommendation of the Council of Europe that states the necessity of education for citizenship, in order to promote civic and human values.
According to the Human Development Index (HDI), Egypt is ranked 115 in the HDI, and 9 in the lowest 10 HDI countries in the Middle East and Northern Africa, in 2014.
Self-validating reduction applies beyond the human sphere as well.
Since the introduction of modernization in Igbo land, the osu caste system has been criticized by people who feel it is against human rights to freedom from discrimination.
The responses to the predicament of the human condition by pessimists are varied.
Following the military coup which ousted Laisenia Qarase's government in December 2006, the "interim government" led by coup leader Frank Bainimarama received unexpected support from the Fiji Human Rights Commission (FHRC) and its chairwoman Shaista Shameem.
 Joyce E. Salisbury, « Human animals of Medieval fables »  in Animals in the Middle Ages, Routledge 2016, pp.49-65
Every human GPATCH2L isoform has a GPATCH2L domain, but no other significant smaller repeats were found as be seen in the schematic illustration below.
Szczepaniak states that Niya is a female deity, caring for the dead, human fate and the community of the living.
The human characters, in contrast to the animals in the book, mostly have no personal names, but are referred to as “the teacher,” “the farmer,” etc.
Quaritch prepares to slit the throat of Jake's avatar, but Neytiri kills Quaritch and saves Jake from suffocation, seeing his human form for the first time.
Anti's role was to grant Horus passage between the human world and their world.
Harley attempted to appeal to the human side of him, but to no avail.
Again, the early human selection of crops 7,000-10,000 years ago is thought to have occurred quite unintentionally.
A human may gain the control of a Yel İyesi by stealing a piece her of hair.
Moreover, children living on-reserve are subject to inadequate funding for social services which has led to filing of a ninth non-compliance order in early 2021 the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal in attempts to hold the Canadian government accountable.
...[Alami] laughs at President Carter's obsession with human rights because he knows they will never be observed in Palestine.
Sirna Therapeutics, Inc. was a San Francisco, California based biotechnology company that explored the use of RNA interference in human disease therapy.
Tengiz Gudava was the author of a number of articles and essays on Georgian and Soviet dissident movement, politics and human right problems in the former Soviet countries, several poems and two novels (Ego zvali Anzhelika, 2003; Gelgoland, 2008; both in Russian).
Kierkegaard offered an avenue of hope for those who have anxiety and human nervousness near the end of this little book.
However, it is likely (based on older sites known from the surrounding regions) that human occupation of the region goes back considerably further.
(I) Introduced - a species introduced to Tamil Nadu as a consequence, direct or indirect, of human actions.
(A deleted scene from the episode, however, implied that both the Yangs and Kohms were actually descendants of human colonists.)
It is noted that the human enzyme more closely resembles that of M. tuberculosis, including the site for allosteric substrate inhibition.
Hundreds of students from Heung To Middle School in Kowloon Tong formed a human chain around the school in support of the school's music teacher.
The investigation showed that Chinese citizens agreed that they were experiencing climate change and that it was caused by human activities.
Stevens estimated a limiting far point (that is, the distance at which an object can be seen as separate from the horizon) as far as  away, which is greater than the  that a human can see.
In October 2004 the human rights group Amnesty International said that 40,000 cases of rape had been reported over the previous six years, the majority occurring in South Kivu.
Another derivative of SA, sodium salicylate has been found to suppress proliferation of lymphoblastic leukemia, prostate, breast, and melanoma human cancer cells.
Much of their data was collected in the Human Relations Area Files, a cross-institutional organization co-founded by Ford.
O Caso das Ciências da Comunicação (The Internationalisation of the Lusophone and Ibero-American Communities of Human and Social Sciences.
Gates (July 17, 1935 – March 20, 2004) was the last survivor of the segregated 95th Engineers Combat Battalion, which was used for human fallout exposure testing.
The Commission recommended a new model of policing, with a greater emphasis on crime prevention and cooperation with local communities, and that the police should be specifically trained in human rights.
After rehabilitating himself from a heroin addiction Turvey worked as a social worker in Vancouver for the provincial Ministry of Human Resources.
The Sea of Faith Network (SoF) is an organisation with the stated aim to explore and promote  religious faith as a human creation.
In 1998, Recreation and Human Services moved to the Thorin Building, and City Hall was moved onto the campus in 1999.
In April 2009 in Geneva, he confronted the Libyan chair of the UN Human Rights Council Najjat Al-Hajjaji during the UN Durban Review Conference.
 Interfaith Education Forum on Human Trafficking
Human After Alls brief creation and minimal production had been decided upon beforehand as a counterpoint to Discovery, which had been produced in two years.
Benjamin Libet, 91, American pioneering scientist in the field of human consciousness.
After winning two gold medals and returning to his home country of Sweden skater Nils van der Poel criticized the IOC's selection of China as the host saying "I think it is extremely irresponsible to give it to a country that violates human rights as blatantly as the Chinese regime is doing."
Eric T. Poehlman (born c. 1956), an American scientist in the field of human obesity and aging, was the first academic in the United States to be jailed for falsifying data in a grant application.
On 18 March 2010, Battlestar Galactica: Human vs. Cylon was one of the 16 attractions that opened during Universal Studios Singapore's soft opening.
 MARTIAN OUTPOST: The Challenges of Establishing a Human Settlement on Mars; by Erik Seedhouse; Praxis Publishing; 2009; .
Their mission is to empower both scientists and nonscientists alike with the skills they need to tell these stories and share them through their live shows and podcast, with the goal of exploring the human side of science.
Due to poverty, the government mobilized the masses and used a large amount of human resources to complete the build rather than use heavy construction equipment.
 List of regions of Azerbaijan by Human Development Index
In 2002, Cohen authored the book Future Medicine: Ethical Dilemmas, Regulatory Challenges, and Therapeutic Pathways to Health Care and Healing in Human Transformation.
In 2017, Human Rights Watch reported the Algerian government had increasingly resorted to criminal prosecutions against bloggers, journalists, and media figures for peaceful speech, via articles in the country's penal code criminalising "offending the president", "insulting state officials" and "denigrating Islam", in addition to dismissing peaceful demonstrations as "unauthorised gatherings".
In July 2018, two prominent female human rights activists, Samar Badawi and Nassima al-Sada, were arrested for challenging Saudi Arabia's male guardianship laws.
The UN Human Rights Office said, "The decision to allow women in Saudi Arabia to drive is a first major step towards women's autonomy and independence, but much remains to be done to deliver gender equality in the Kingdom."
OMCLs assess human and veterinary medicines to determine whether they meet the relevant requirements for content, purity, etc., as specified in the marketing authorisation dossier or an official pharmacopoeia.
Chafee became an advocate for international human rights through his work as a representative on the United Nations Subcommission on Freedom of Information and the Press in 1947 through 1951.
He became a virtuoso on the harmonica, specializing in the style known as "talking harp" which imitated the human voice (much like Sonny Terry).
Konstantopoulou is leading the political movement Course to Freedom, initiated in April 2016, as an open, direct-democracy movement, with the major goals to fight for democracy, justice, transparency, human rights, the abolition of illegal debt and the claiming of the German reparations for WW1-WW2.
While her physical appearance remained consistent regardless of the artist depicting her during her time in The Sandman, her skin color varied from green back to normal human tones and then back to a consistent green whenever she appeared in The Books of Magic.
149: Breeding wildlife sites and human features.
An oxygenator is a medical device that is capable of exchanging oxygen and carbon dioxide in the blood of human patient during surgical procedures that may necessitate the interruption or cessation of blood flow in the body, a critical organ or great blood vessel.
The signal is just one example of the new technologies developed during the Cold War to be used to spy on the transmissions of other countries without needing a human intelligence agent.
However, Hume says that this association cannot be trusted because the span of the human mind to comprehend the past is not necessarily applicable to the wide and distant future.
Agents can only utilize one power at a time due to the human biology being unaccustomed to hardwired harbinger ability usage, special command sequences for chaining different powers in tandem through the bio-configuration process can be initiated such as; sequence 2, 4, 6,  sequence epsilon, etc.
By some measures, it is also the strongest bone in the human body.
It also runs an accredited veterinary technology program, the equivalent of a human nursing program, that offers options for a Bachelor of Science degree or a certificate of completion.
The antagonists of the books are the Paratwa, a new species resulting from experimentation on human embryos in the near future.
In the 1960s she made guest appearances on Armchair Theatre, Dixon of Dock Green, Z-Cars, Gideon's Way, Nightingale's Boys, The Human Jungle and The Ronnie Barker Playhouse, among others.
It has been reported that she intends to take her case against the European Union to the European Court of Human Rights.
Substantial shielding would be needed for human safety if the sample were to be one gram of the pure isomer.
The author had been a writer for Human Events and a political reporter for Robert Novak's Evans-Novak Political Report.
From 1990 to 1997, he was a member of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority and held the position of chair of the BMA Steering Group on Ethics and Genetics.
The hypothalamic pituitary adrenal (HPA) axis is responsible for the activation of the hormonal stress response system within the human body.
When observing another human grasping an object, there is an increase in premotor cortex activation.
Eating the plant resulted in the human subject's undergoing the transformation process into the creature known as Mbwun, larger, faster, stronger, and slightly smarter.
As an NGO working with the United Nations, SGI has been active in public education with a focus mainly on peace and nuclear weapons disarmament, human rights and sustainable development.
From 2007 to 2009, he appeared on the History Channel series on science and technology (Star Wars Tech, Spider-Man Tech), CNN, PBS, BBC, and ABC for his work on stem cells, growth factors, psychopathology, tissue engineering, smart prostheses, schizophrenia, and human and animal behavior and disease.
Eventually, Odo is expelled from the Great Link; Bashir notes in astonishment that Odo's body has become human.
Supplementary information in the game helped connect Mankind Divided to Human Revolution and future Deus Ex games.
Magneto and his Acolytes managed to reestablish a modicum of peace and stability only briefly until civil war broke out between him and the remaining human population on the island led by the Magistrates.
As the infant was feared to be the cause of the future where his parents originated, Milo was raised by circus owner Armando after Zira switched him with a young chimpanzee recently born to Armando's primitive chimpanzee, Heloise, prior to his parents' death by the action of the human Dr. Otto Hasslein.
Today in Barugh, 13 people work in Wholesale or Retail trade and 12 people work in human health and social work.
According to the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights, the Ministry of Internal Affairs "pressured the media and the courts of law" by prematurely judging the suspects "guilty for the crime, which is not in accordance with European standards".
Rajindra Sachar participated with retired justices Hosbet Suresh and Siraj Mehfuz Daud in an investigation by the Indian People's Human Rights Tribunal into a massive slum clearance drive in Mumbai, which had the ostensible purpose of preserving the Sanjay Gandhi National Park.
Optimum growth temperature is 25-37 C. It is primarily isolated from human skin, and is one of the major causes of pitted keratolysis.
Yet the restraint that governs his evaluation of the multitude of parents and their proxies, relatives, guardians, and orphanage officials whose collective actions unambiguously disavow his value as a human being is striking enough to capture readers disenchanted by the prolix confessionals of the last two decades...." 3
 (I) Introduced - a species introduced to Belgium as a consequence, direct or indirect, of human actions
As a young student, she became involved and active in several Lebanese human rights organizations.
- Old record keeping about intellectual transitions of writers and politicians, who engaged in a dialogue in which Dr. Saad Eddin Ibrahim, Adel Hussein, Dr. Ali Eddin Hilal, Tariq human advisor, Dr. Abdel Moneim Said, and others.
She scores at the top of her class, but is ridiculed by her classmates for being "borderline", that is, between monster and human.
In late April, Human Rights Watch's Asia Director Phil Robertson called on the Malaysian government to stop jailing people who had flouted the movement control order, but recommended the use of the newly built facilities to keep lockdown violators.
After the battle, Guido decides to adopt Reyna as his human and return to Camp Jupiter with her.
Brain: The brain, command center for the human nervous system, is cold and wet.
Masters of Sex tells the story of Dr. William Masters (Michael Sheen) and Virginia Johnson (Lizzy Caplan), two pioneering researchers of human sexuality at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri.
In 2016, the Greens criticised Germany's defense plan with Saudi Arabia, which has been waging war in Yemen and has been accused of massive human rights violations.
After finding a better solution to anchylostomiasis, he focused on creating a vaccine using the bacillus responsible for bovine tuberculosis, very similar to the human one, as it caused almost the same symptoms.
These trees are revered by the indigenous Nama people as the embodiment of their ancestors, half human, half plant, mourning for their ancient Namibian home.
The narrative joins these separate threads together as a party of malformed dragons, their human keepers and other supporters are on a quest for the legendary Elderling city of Kelsingra.
However, while the Skitters communicate at radio-frequencies, their communications only have roughly the same range as a human voice, so the captured Skitter cannot alert the other aliens.
A new drug, OTS964, can eradicate aggressive human lung cancers transplanted into mice, with few side effects.
Organisations from across dozens of countries supported the petition, including groups such as Greenpeace Mauritius, Somali Climate Change Network, Human Rights and Legal Aid Network of Sudan, Journalists for Climate Change in Nigeria, and Young Volunteers for Environment Zambia.
 Human rights abuses in Sindh
It could either appear in a human form or in a demonic form.
The novel was well received by critics who found it a "vivid, compelling tale about the challenges of the war", and that through the characters we learn something about human nature.
of Health and Human Services) on the issues of the constitutionality of the individual mandate and the severability of any unconstitutional provisions, Dept.
In 2002 Zimbabwe was suspended from the Commonwealth due to human rights abuses and electoral fraud.
 Straxus appeared in the conclusion to the first series of Eighth Doctor & Lucie audios, Human Resources.
These includes stories about formulas for "the perfect boiled egg" or "most depressing day of the year" and a speculation that the human race will evolve into two separate races.
He develops an idea through the concept of how human ears interprets sound finally developing a receiver in the process.
The Council on Biblical Manhood and Womanhood teaches that "Christ is the supreme authority and guide for men and women, so that no earthly submission—domestic, religious, or civil—ever implies a mandate to follow a human authority into sin."
On the other hand, users looking for information about a brand name, trademark, human name, or city name may be interested in performing a case-sensitive operation to filter out irrelevant results.
The improvement of roads will increase the probability of traffic accidents and human trafficking.
At 24, Hylton was hired as a Contributing Editor at Esquire, where he wrote about the invasion of Afghanistan, attempts to patent the human genome, and the prosecution of alleged nuclear spy Wen Ho Lee.
Engelbart subsequently implemented these concepts in his Augmented Human Intellect Research Center at SRI International, developing essentially an intelligence amplifying system of tools (NLS) and co-evolving organizational methods, in full operational use by the mid-1960s within the lab.
He has a simple, eloquent and distinctive style of explaining the purpose of human life and its creation and often uses scientific examples to support his argument.
Stanley Michael Gartler (born June 9, 1923) is a cell and molecular biologist and human geneticist.
 1916 – De mensch van Nazareth (The human of Nazareth)
She moved to Brisbane in the mid 1980s and in 1989, she completed a Bachelor of Human Movement Studies (First Class Honours) at the University of Queensland.
In 2002, he was named the Outstanding HRD Scholar by the Academy of Human Resource Development (AHRD).
In Tokyo, he destroys a creature, but is then promptly stepped on by a human.
Chomsky marshaled evidence that a child's rapid mastery of the complexity of language indicated an innate ability programmed into the development of the human mind from birth that could not be explained by the "blank slate" view of the infant mind.
If you can look at "what actually is," you have a big advantage over most human beings
Administrative theory is peculiarly the theory of intended and bounded rationality – of the behavior of human beings who satisfice because they have not the wits to maximize.
The tumbu fly itself is the vector in a loose sense, because the female deposits the eggs in soil or on damp cloth, where the larvae can hatch and attach to human or animal skin.
Torture during the Bahraini uprising has been described in many human rights reports as being widespread and systematic.
Members of the group include some of the world's biggest financial institutions (Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Barclays, TD Bank, American Express, Western Union) along with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Human Trafficking Pro Bono Legal Center, and NGOs working with trafficking victims.
Human Rights Watch criticized Peskov's reaction, stating it was "like a stark green light to Chechen officials to act on their threats."
Some albums for this subgenre are Hallucinations (1990) by the German band Atrocity and Death's Human (1991).
In July 2019, the University of Winnipeg was forced to sever ties with Xiangguo Qiu and her husband, Keding Cheng, who had been employed in its department of medical microbiology after the RCMP began to investigate the Chinese scientists, who had been employed at the highest-security Biosafety Level 4 Canadian Science Centre for Human and Animal Health.
The focus of the journal is the international exchange of ideas, evaluations, reports and studies on the person and contemporary challenges and the human dignity in the field of theology, education, canon law and social studies.
Flashbacks recall his wartime experiences and his transition from a human being into a sadistic murderer and rapist.
While Lantos was a close friend of Bush at the time, as well as a co-chair of the Congressional Human Rights Foundation, he failed to notify Bush of his position within the Nayirah case, or of her true identity.
The early Huishan clay figurines roughly included Gods and Buddhas, human figures and various animals.
Once the AVA program has determined pixel patterns of a human face, the software categorizes how long the display is viewed, the approximate gender and approximate age of the viewer.
The drugs administered by technicians or AAPs are given under provision of The Human Medicines Regulations 2012, and under direction of the JRCALC Clinical Practice Guidelines.
According to a report from the United States Department of State on human rights in Tajikistan, citizens are denied many of their rights and have limited ability to change the system of government.
He collaborated with his parents again on a film about human rights workers in Guatemala entitled ‘Bringing Truth to Light’.
A reporter for BBC News stated that protest groups like the Ladies in White were seeking to raise their profile in advance of an impending visit by Pope Benedict XVI—who was expected to discuss the issue of human rights with the Cuban government—and that the Cuban Communist Party was accordingly seeking to clamp down on protest.
 Fibre FISH protocol  from the Human Genome Project at the Sanger Centre
This belief may have been influenced by the 2,000-year-old human mummies in the cave and the cave bear and mammoth fossils found north of Lovelock Cave.
She was a member of the New York Academy of Sciences Human Rights of Scientists Committee.
On 6 October, the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador (CONAIE) and Pachakutik together issued a declaration stating "there never was any attempted coup d'etat, much less a kidnapping, but an event that responded to the uncertain political management of the government that causes popular discontent through permanent aggression, discrimination and violations of human rights consecrated in the Constitution."
 Human rights in Punjab, India
agent who is tasked with his capture, destruction, or repulsion from America, and Robert "Little Rob" Takiguchi, the grandson of Japanese scientific expert Dr. Yuriko Takiguchi, who regards Godzilla as a hero and who is depicted as being Godzilla's only human friend.
Some time after World War II, Wolverine is taken in by the project and Cornelius is assigned with the task of perfecting and using a technique that would bond the indestructible alloy adamantium to human bone cells.
Gunn replies that Marios new "crew" isn't even human.
Human habitation in the Sherwood area is very ancient as evidenced by the many thousands of Native American projectile points in the nearby fields.
This conclusion is based on characteristics such as human population patterns, public sanitation practices, climate, housing construction standards and other variables.
Grammy Nomination 2020: Best Urban Contemporary Album for Jessie Reyez' "Being Human In Public"
Deus Ex: Human Revolution (2011) - Adam Jensen 
Chest Play - New and Human Body Story (May 1998)
The presence of light at night in human dwellings (or for shift workers) makes going to sleep more difficult and reduces the overall level of melatonin in the bloodstream, and exposure to a low-level incandescent bulb for 39 minutes is sufficient to suppress melatonin levels to 50%.
Species endangered by human consumption
However, since he obtained it 10 years too early, it drains him of all his strength and reverts him to human form.
At CBS, Just Plain Bill brought human insight and Anacin pain reliever into households; Your Family and Mine came courtesy of Sealtest Dairy products; Bachelor's Children first hawked Old Dutch Cleanser, then Wonder Bread; Aunt Jenny's Real Life Stories was sponsored by Spry Vegetable Shortening.
While urban relocation has taken place historically, also in large scale, the interest in the field is growing as the need to take individuals and organizations rights, democratic, human and others, are increasing the many parts of the world.
Commission should Undertake and promote research in the area of human rights.
In the initial stage of the investigation, investigators cited mechanical failure, human factors, and adverse weather condition as the cause of the crash.
John Napier, a primatologist, claimed that "if the movie was filmed at 24 frame/s then the creature's walk cannot be distinguished from a normal human walk.
Though it receives less attention, an understanding of human visual perception is valuable to rendering.
On another screen also appears a map of human DNA, with the letters A, C, G and T, corresponding to the nitrogenous bases (adenine, cytosine, guanine and thymine).
While Fine Gael were in opposition, Breen was the Fine Gael deputy Spokesperson on Foreign Affairs, with special responsibility for Human Rights and Overseas Development Aid; and deputy Spokesperson on Transport and Enterprise, and Enterprise, Trade and Employment, with special responsibility for Small Business.
In particular, how the new wealth is allocated would be decided much more according to popular-democratic and egalitarian principles, using a variety of property forms and allocative methods that have proved practically to correspond best to meeting the human needs of all.
Herman, Irving, Physics of the Human Body, Springer Science & Business Media, 2007 .
According to the anthropologists Marcha Flint and Leslie Sue Lieberman, he promoted the bio-cultural perspective in the field of human biology and he was one of the originators of applied medical anthropology.
These laboratory trials are hoped to be a precursor to human trials in the near future.
 Elias, Robert, The Politics of Victimization: Victims, Victimology, and Human Rights (1986)
He had co-starred with Merrill the year before in "The Human Factor" episode of The Outer Limits.
As with any well rounded approach to cultural or historical study, all aspects of the human condition must be explored, especially when such exploration takes us outside of our usual cultural perspective.
Examples of some common human diseases caused by Microsporum nanum including tinea capitis, tinea corporis, tinea cruris, and tinea faciei.
Through this kind of deconstruction of his created sceneries he achieves a visual construction that alienates the human being within his culture, the influence of the mass media and data surveillance.
In other instances of abuse of power, it became known Geun Hye Park's regime not only made the conglomerate CJ group discontinue the Saturday Night Live television program that satirized Geun Hye Park, but also exerted pressure on CJ group's human resources to influence management position appointments within the company.
He proposed that divine command morality assumes that human concepts of right and wrong are met by God's commands and that the theory can only be applied if this is the case.
In 1971, Caskey left NIH to found the Department of Molecular and Human Genetics at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas, where he served as Chairman for the next two decades.
– Samantha or "Sam", Clover, and Alexandra or "Alex" – who live a double life as spies working for the World Organization of Human Protection (WOOHP).
Ahaitz or Ahaize is a Basque place name referring to flat areas in mountain, favorable to human settlement.
A human named Helena Tarsis and her compatriots used Shaper technology to invent powerful exosuits to fight back.
Kafer individuals normally have a low intelligence, approximate to a human IQ of 40.
This increase in pollution has adverse effects on human health due to the toxicity of oil.
In 2014, UN Human Rights Committee found Syhmyradow's rights to life and to fair trial to have been violated.
Slit2 has been implicated in promoting angiogenesis in mice (both in vitro and in vivo), in the human placenta, and in tumorigenesis.
The document gives significant mention to human rights in Kyrgyzstan, particularly section two.
Mycobacterium bohemicum is a nontuberculous bacterium that has been isolated from human tissue, animals, and the environment.
It has been argued that the extent to which Sharia is compatible with democracy depends on how it is culturally interpreted, with a cultural position that Sharia represents the human attempt to interpret God's message associated with a greater preference for democracy than an Islamist interpretation that Sharia law is the literal word of God.
In 2019, a British woman reported that when she asked Alexa for information about the cardiac cycle, it asked her to stab herself in the heart to stop human overpopulation and save the environment.
In 2008 he contributed to an article on the topic of human evolution with evolutionary biology figure and Brown University professor Dr. Kenneth Miller.
The study indicated that, in the US, incidents of dog-related injury and death increased along with the increases in dog and human populations.
The couple moved to Wilmington, North Carolina, in December 1999, where McNeill worked in human resources.
Since water comprises 55–60% of the human body, the probability of radiolysis is quite high under the presence of ionizing radiation.
TST understands human societies as instances of open natural systems equilibrating with their environments in a hierarchy of integrative levels.
Africa is home to many of the world's most famous fauna in human culture such as lions‚ rhinos‚ cheetahs‚ giraffes‚ antelope, hippos, leopards, zebras‚ and African elephants among many others.
It is likely that human sacrifice occurred during the Viking Age but nothing suggests that it was part of common public religious practise.
Stark joined ESPN in 1996 as the host of the weekly program Scholastic Sports America, where she traveled across the United States covering high school and college sports focusing on human interest and issue-related stories.
This could be the simple cases where the controlling program navigates through the user interface, or more complex scenarios where the controlling program is entering data into an interface meant to be used by a human.
indicated the "thrilling hope" of a "grand Sabbath of rest and relief" in the mid-1970s at the close of 6000 years of human history.
In its November 10, 2005 decision on Leyla Şahin v. Turkey, the Grand Chamber of the European Court of Human Rights ruled that the ban was "legitimate" to prevent the influence of religion in state affairs.
Yang Hyun-mi, the cultural secretary in charge of answering the question, said, "The government has already announced measures to root out corruption in the sports industry, including (sex) violence, and the NHRC also plans to establish a special investigation team on sports and human rights, while announcing its plan to establish an independent state monitoring system."
In 1979 Rodríguez gained prominence in Estefanía, where he played the role of disgusting villain Pedro Escobar; a fictional character based on Pedro Estrada, notorious symbol of human rights abuse in Venezuela during the government of Marcos Pérez Jiménez.
It has a long history, ranging from the beginnings of human habitation in Japan, sometime in the 10th millennium BC, to the present-day country.
 Walter Miller, Jr.'s A Canticle for Leibowitz follows the history of an order of monks founded to save human knowledge after a nuclear war plunged society into savagery.
The original "gore" cover, which was later banned and replaced by a "clean" cover, was drawings of a human similar to those found in biology books.
With the help of Tsubaki's companions, Yuma attempts to kill Miyu, knowing Miyu would have difficulty attacking a human foe.
According to Borofsky, the holes represent "the molecules of all human beings coming together to create our existence."
The story explores the motivations and effects of human engagement with nature.
Through a process of selective breeding, mankind is perfecting the perfectly average human being.
He was known for his work in historical anthropological studies on rice cultivation, the development of hominids, and his identification of the skeletal remains of Minnesota Woman, 8,000-year old human remains found near Pelican Rapids, Minnesota.
As predicted, except for the human skeletal material, all of these things were found.
Human coronaviruses were discovered in the 1960s using two different methods in the United Kingdom and the United States.
Polaris defeated the human players with three wins, two losses and one tie.
When it comes to writing the murkiest backwaters of the human psyche, Collins is fathoms out of her depth."
Between the stages of fertilization and implantation, the developing human is  a preimplantation conceptus.
The condensing and formulation of human knowledge is what Comte drives us toward to ultimately build the strongest society possible.
At the same time, Mill says that a good moral system (in his case, utilitarianism) ultimately appeals to aspects of human nature—which, must themselves be nurtured during upbringing.
Enthusiasm indicates a human emotion of deep enjoyment.
"His disdain for human beings would be serviced if he could make a film without people in it," replied O'Bannon.
Abdul Qadeer Baloch (), better known as Mama Qadeer () is a self proclaimed human rights activist from the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
 2009 One World International Human Rights Festival, Prague — Rudolf Vrba Award in the Right to Know Competition
Psychoanalyst and Professor at the université de Paris VII where he founded the department of clinical human science (until the end of 2007), he is a member of the UMR CNRS psychoanalysis and social practice.
The seven lamps allude to the branches of human knowledge, represented by the six lamps inclined inwards towards, and symbolically guided by, the light of God represented by the central lamp.
Plucker has also led the development of a popular web site on human intelligence.
He is a founding member of Housing: A Basic Human Right, and his film, What Does a Person Deserve?
In 2012, the Institute for Global Labour and Human Rights released the report "Toys From Hell".
The phonetic alphabet is simplified to include major human sounds with few letters.
 Guinness World Record for the Fastest Human Backbend Walk over 20 metres - 10 January 2015
29.4 million positions from 160,000 games from KGS's game archive, played by 6 to 9 dan human players, were used to train AlphaGo's policy network.
Other human diseases such as retinal degeneration, situs inversus (a reversal of the body's left-right axis), Senior–Løken syndrome, liver disease, primary ciliary dyskinesia, nephronophthisis, Alström syndrome, Meckel–Gruber syndrome, Sensenbrenner syndrome, Jeune syndrome, and Bardet–Biedl syndrome, which causes both cystic kidneys and retinal degeneration, have been linked to the IFT machinery.
Within this text, Nervosa spends the story laboring to dig a hole as deeply as possible, which parallels her quest to reach the depths of human depravity.
Applications should avoid attaching any significance to the choice of prefix, but the information is provided because it can be helpful to human readers.
 New Scientist 19 May 2003 - Chimps are human, gene study implies
Subdivided in "The Tournament", in which up to 8 characters (either human or computer controlled) fight in a single-round elimination tournament, and "Build up the Tournament", where the characters are carried over from Build Up Mode, loaded from the memory card.
Laboratory studies in pressure physiology began in the Banting and Best Institute, University of Toronto, where the first decompression chamber for human studies in Canada was set up.
The Water Framework Directive of 2000 is a European Union directive committing EU member states to free inland and coastal waters from human influence.
Plantinga asserts that the design plan does not require a designer: "it is perhaps possible that evolution (undirected by God or anyone else) has somehow furnished us with our design plans", but the paradigm case of a design plan is like a technological product designed by a human being (like a radio or a wheel).
The Structure atlas of human genome (SAHG) is a database of protein-structure-prediction.
Fosters was forced to withdraw in May 2000 when its financial backing collapsed due to pressure from human rights groups.
The investigators concluded that he had time to maneuver to lessen the collision by making it a glancing blow, but the forward momentum and downstream current made the collision "beyond human remedy".
Treating human breast cancer cells with dexamethasone medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA) increases NM23 expression.
Porfírio, the town's barber, indicts Bacamarte for his corruptive influence over the Municipal Council, which since the beginning approved the experiments taken place at the Green House, "the Bastille of human Knowledge".
The 1999 UN Security Council resolution authorising UNTAET described the history of "systematic, widespread and flagrant violations of international and human rights law" and demanded "that those responsible for such violence be brought to justice".
The Green Party wants to increase Britain's development and its position on the Human Development Index and free time index.
A UNICEF report identified Mozambique as having one of the highest rates of girl marriage in the world, with 48% of the country's women married before the age of 18  and  the consequences are very damaging to the nations human capital development.
The museum houses an exceptional collection of animal and human bones, Neolithic pottery, stone tools and other ancient items recovered from over four hundred archaeological sites since the 19th century.
According to it, vegetables have high levels of heavy metals that can be dangerous for human health.
In September, Human Rights Watch accused Russian police of systematic interference with Navalny's presidential campaign.
Most famously, he claimed that a fossilized skeleton found in a Baden quarry was the remains of a human who had perished in the deluge.
Human Rights Watch's Egypt Page.
In contrast to R7, R13 is readily hydrolyzed into tropoflavin in human liver microsomes.
While writing a doctoral dissertation on Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Hegel and the State, Rosenzweig turned against idealism and sought a philosophy that did not begin with an abstract notion of the human.
The urgency for attaining perfection comes from the knowledge that the remnant must live perfectly during the time of trouble at the end to prove to the universe that fallen human beings can keep the law of God.
From the first moment of his existence, "a human being must be recognized as having the rights of a person – among which is the inviolable right of every innocent being to life."
Human rights activity, later life and death
This was the last game in the Mario Party series to have the autoplay capability in Party mode (where all players can be manually set to AI, thus enabling the game to "play itself" without any human player).
God created heaven and earth, but hell is a product of human fantasy.
Biology would help explain mental functions such as feeling and thinking, it would not help us to understand differences of mental faculty in different races and stages of human development.
Human Rights Watch claims that al-Hasani was cleared of all wrongdoings as per a 2019 affidavit it viewed.
On a human colony planet named Middle America, just inside the Slow Zone, lives Hamid, and his unique pet, the Blabber.
exact vedute, which was a topographically accurate depiction of a cityscape or monument and in which the human and animal figures played a secondary role.
His work concerns "social issues and topics related to identity, environment, migration and macroscopic human transitions."
His human form is seen in the "Hulk Date" story letting Betty go on a date with the Hulk but sends a Hulkbuster robot after him to keep him from trying any "funny stuff".
The modern productive process does not promote the development and deployment of essential human capacities.
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights has also abolished all forms of slavery and genocide, including torture, repression and oppression that prisons thrive upon.
Soil Guideline Values are used in the second stage, GQRA, to determine whether harm caused by long-term exposure to a given soil concentration of chemicals may present an unacceptable risk to human health in some generic land-use scenario.
Studies show that roughly 97% of the human genome consists of these regions.
"Day Eleven: Love" (often referred to as just "Love") is the fourth single by Ayreon, released on 2004, from their album The Human Equation.
Her research focuses on voluntary control of action, and how human brains represent their bodies, two factors that help drive suffering in depression, Parkinson’s, and somatoform disorders.”
As the program evolved, add-on packages of human figures were sold by the manufacturer of Poser, and eventually, third-party companies began creating figures which work with Poser.
The inaugural Oslo Freedom Forum, titled "The Nobility of the Human Spirit and the Power of Freedom", featured more than 30 speakers with an emphasis on the importance of literature in advancing the cause of freedom.
Because God's Kingdom was believed to be superior to any human kingdom, this meant that God would necessarily drive out the Romans, who ruled Judea, and establish his own direct rule over the Jewish people.
These techniques have been conserved to the present day and form the foundation for all experimentation with the mammalian embryo - including transgenic animals, embryonic stem cell research, human and mammalian in vitro fertilization, mammalian cloning, and knockout technology.
In March 2017, the United Nations voiced "concern" over the Turkish government's operations and called for an independent assessment of the "massive destruction, killings and numerous other serious human rights violations" against the ethnic Kurdish minority.
21 November: The Montgolfiers launched the first free flight balloon with human passengers.
In the interim, Lil Wayne released his two other albums in 2010: the largely rock-themed Rebirth, and I Am Not a Human Being.
In particular, the disease tends to appear near water that has experienced human intervention, such as the building of dams or irrigation systems, flooding, or deforestation.
She completed her Ph.D. degree in human computer interaction at Queen Mary University of London.
Aktipis co-directs the Human Generosity Project with Dr. Lee Cronk of Rutgers University.
Traces of human presence in the area dates from Palaeolithic times.
As skin is one of the largest and most superficial organs in the human body, pharmacists utilise it to deliver various drugs.
With the help of her boyfriend Harry (Roger Lodge), she soon discovers that Johnson is an emissary from the planet Davanna, who is looking for a ready supply of human blood his people need to survive.
In the absence of a normal fire regime the plant grows in areas that are kept clear and open by other means, including human activities such as mowing.
A review from Photoplay applauded Mackaill's performance and described the film as "a true and human story".
Incense was burnt to counteract or obscure malodorous products of human habitation, but was widely perceived to also deter malevolent demons and appease the gods with its pleasant aroma.
Formulating and implementing policies on conflict prevention, response, stabilization policies, and programs under the overall direction of and in coordination with the Under Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights;
He also demonstrated that human hookworm infection is contracted through the skin of the feet.
The Young Lords, a human rights movement, held sit-ins with L.A.D.O.
The program of lections is made up of topics dedicated to protection of the fundamental human rights and freedoms, strengthening the rule of law, pluralism, coherent society and liberal democracy.
Liability connected with environmental laws and human exposure to tritium and its beta decay must also be taken into consideration in risk assessment and product development.
The underlying and often implicit argument theorizes that human beings, acting as a group or within a group, compose and cause change in international politics."
"It does not seem to be inconsistent with the gospels for each human to struggle, under the spur of competition with his fellows, to become all he can become.
It’s up to us to end this human rights violation."
Flash floods may also occur after the collapse of a natural ice or debris dam, or a human structure such as a man-made dam, as occurred before the Johnstown Flood of 1889.
During the year, there was some evidence of official complicity in human trafficking.
Ideally, high-fidelity equipment has inaudible noise and distortion, and a flat (neutral, uncolored) frequency response within the human hearing range.
The Bishop of Soissons, Marcel Herriot, defended the law on 25 June 2000 asserting it was necessary to protect by law persons, family, society and religions themselves from sects that are violating fundamental freedoms and human dignity.
The National Commission for the Protection of Human Subjects of Biomedical and Behavioral Research in 1977 endorsed the continued limited use of psychosurgical procedures.
A reviewer for Catholic World praised the approach of the subject, noting that it was "marked by poetry and sympathy [with] charming reminders of German folklore and fairy tale" but  disliked the "transference of certain human ideals to the animal mind" and the vague references to religious allegory.
He was a champion of free speech/press and human rights as well as a strong advocate of bringing Television in Afghanistan.
The former South Coast Trade Union Centre in Wollongong CBD, and the newer Fred Moore House, home of the CFMEU (Construction Forestry Mining & Energy Union), have both been named in the honour  of his tireless work for unity within the fields of industrial relations, and human rights.
Human Figure, Curator Marta Jakimowicz Karle, Gallery Threshold, New Delhi, India - 2006
Another prominent opponent of the martial law regime was human rights advocate and Bombo Radyo Laoag program host David Bueno, who worked with the Free Legal Assistance Group in Ilocos Norte  during the later part of the Marcos administration and the early part of the succeeding Aquino administration.
For a stubborn thing is the human heart.
It has ovate, deeply-lobed leaves, resembling a human heart, with whitish veins, atop stems that are 1–2 cm thick.
Gulalai Ismail (, ; born c. 1986) is a Pashtun human rights activist from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
Zuyev's murder occurred during the same week of March 20 that saw massive protests being held by human rights leaders in Kaliningrad and across Russia.
He majors on investigations, analysis and features  with specific interests in crime, human interest stories, infrastructure transport, aviation, business and urban trends.
Human nature, he argues, is an inherent obstacle to cumulative ethical or political progress.
As Weindling (1989) explained, there had been several movements in Germany since the end of World War I concerned with the 'degeneration' of German racial purity that culminated with the founding in 1927 of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute of Anthropology, Human Heredity, and Eugenics.
The collective framework will make it possible to share resources and observations formed by institutions and organizations, creating disparate but integrated computer models of the mechanical, physical and biochemical functions of a living human body.
Auxier holds, contrary to classical liberalism, that politics is a subdivision of ethics and cannot be divorced from human moral life.
By the late 1970s, human rights groups were condemning the record of the Somoza government.
Hoplology was at some time defined as the science of "arms and weapons of offense and defence, human and bestial" (Burton, 1884), and subsequently as "the study of the basis, patterns, relationships, and significances of combative behavior at all levels of social complexity" (Draeger, 1982).
Blazon: a Modern French shield per pale gules and azure, on the first a griffon segreant argent armed, beaked and langued Or, on the second a human figure fully armoured argent holding a heater shield gules charged with two labels Or of three points arranged in pale.
Thomas Euteneuer, president of Human Life International.
However, other scientists have disputed the gene's relationship to monogamy, and cast doubt on whether the human version plays an analogous role.
Rescue workers worked throughout 11 June and into the night, but heard no human noises.
The player takes the role of one of the remaining human armed forces as they fight against the Chimera invasion.
Later in September, the Advisory Committee of the UNHRC was called upon to take steps to present a proposal, in hopes that the UDLR could be added to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Much of that writing, along with some of my earlier works, would later become my book Holding Me Together. . . . All of my books reflect the reality of human diversity; if encountering gays or people of color bothers you, then you probably won't like most of my writing".
The knockdown of the protein COX14 involving small interfering RNA in regular human fibroblast has been shown to result in a complex IV defect with reduced activity.
Additionally, in 2012, Econohomes was named number 15 of The 100 Best Companies to Work for in Texas, a project of the Texas Association of Business (TAB), the Society for Human Resources Management – Texas State Council, and the Best Companies Group.
Human Nature is a 2006 album by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem.
He believed that the barriers created by the society precluded love and mutual understanding from human relationships.
Breeding success at nests in these colonies was impacted by proximity of colonies to human habitation, and the progression of the breeding season.
His human face was officially seen for the first time in his MK Gold ending, which showed him in full armor minus his faceplate.
In honor of their birthday, Perun gave Kupalo and Kostroma a Fern flower, but they presented it to people as a sign of the unity of the human world and the world of gods.
Large areas of these reefs are in generally poor condition due to destructive human activities of the 150,000 persons living along the coast.
For example, the United States Department of Health and Human Services operates the Nutrition Services Incentive Program.
Reparations aim to repair the suffering of victims of human rights abuses.
Malik's main areas of academic interest are philosophy of biology and philosophy of mind, scientific method and epistemology, theories of human nature, science policy, bioethics, political philosophy, the history, philosophy and sociology of race, and the history of ideas.
On a club trip to the human world, they meet a witch, Ruby Tojo, who defends a field of sunflowers from being torn down by developers.
When first described by Mouterde in 1966, the species was assessed as "at risk" due to human collection of the rhizomes and the selling of the flowers in the roadside trade.
Both McNeill and Oreskes became members of the Anthropocene Working Group because of their work correlating human activities and planetary transformation.
He then served as a member of the Adhoc Committee on Human Rights under the chairmanship of Abu Mayanja.
In 2006, significant concern developed over the potential toxicity of FEP and related fluorochemicals including the process aid perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) or C8 such that California has proposed some of these materials as potential human carcinogens.
From July 1991 onward, Block worked at the University of California, Berkeley as a professor (and subsequently professor emerita) of Community Health and Human Development in the School of Public Health.
She was responsible for designing specialized anti-trafficking programs, including  "TIP and New Technologies," "The Economics of Trafficking," "The Health Implications of Trafficking," and a new program to research the impact of sex selection and gender imbalance on human trafficking.
Isocrates (436–338 BC), like the sophists, taught public speaking as a means of human improvement, but he worked to distinguish himself from the Sophists, whom he saw as claiming far more than they could deliver.
These antibodies are monospecific against the human protein.
In May 2009 Human Rights Watch (HRW) described The New Times as a state-owned newspaper in a rebuttal to an editorial article that accused HRW of sanitizing people who were attempting to negate the 1994 genocide in Rwanda.
Recombo seems to be a mostly normal human now with the exception of his frog jumping skill and long, sticky and strong frog's tongue.
WWF has pointed out that if we continue to consume resources at current levels, by 2050 we will need two planet's worth of natural materials to support the human race.
In a report by the Ministry of Public Security and the Ministry of Justice, details have been provided into combating human trafficking in China.
She continued to engage with other such organisations as the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and also headed the Commonwealth Consultative Group on Human Settlements.
Human Rights Watch reported that BH Novinari, the journalists’ union in Bosnia and Herzegovina, reported 41 violations of freedom of the press in 2019.
It's a very special piece of mine, and I trusted director Jung's caliber of delving into human psychology and desire."
But then Jennie hits puberty, her hormones kick in, and, predictably, she becomes uncontrollable; the fate of this chimp who thinks she's human is not a pretty one.
This is a list of astronauts by year of selection: people selected to train for a human spaceflight program to command, pilot, or serve as a crew member of a spacecraft.
Israeli left wing and Human rights activist, professor Amnon Rubinstein wrote that the French Left seems to hold a double standard: opposing neo-Nazism when it comes from the Western right wing (and particularly from the French Far Right, such as the Front National), but not when it comes from the "oppressed world" of the Arabs.
 Vocal fry register, a type of human voice register
Although Hobbes' humor stems from acting like a human, Watterson maintained Sprite's feline attitude.
His books are best known for their detailed and humorous depictions of animal and human characters.
Human occupation is dispersed across the commune in tiny hamlets, mostly in the western part: Les Fabres, le Vivier, Briançon, Bonnet, Lèbre, Théous, Champdolent.
Kamm was awarded the Department of Commerce Best Global Practices Award by President Clinton in 1997 and the Eleanor Roosevelt Award for Human Rights by US President George W. Bush in 2001.
Waste, Hilarious P. Prankster, and the Greedy Genie, who act as their friends, hosts and/or guests, but embody some of the most common human faults and vices.
Male-oriented partner preference also does not appear to be an artifact caused by captivity or human management of sheep.
The system is usually fully automatic without human intervention, but manual operation can be inserted when needed.
Versican is a large extracellular matrix proteoglycan that is present in a variety of human tissues.
His dream is to be a human boy.
Krug's fourth full length Moonface album, My Best Human Face, in collaboration with Finnish rock band Siinai, was released on June 3, 2016.
The call is an elongate series of low-frequency paired grunts, which to the human ear sound like slow gurgling, "wher-err, wher-err, wher-err, …".
Such is the case with human emotions and subjectivity.
According to a study carried out in 2009 by Human Rights Watch, it is estimated that between 70 and 90 percent of women and girls in Pakistan have suffered some form of abuse.
It contains a reasoned illustration of science as a social process with all the failing and imperfections of human endeavors.
This could result in loss in biological species, extinction, and negative impacts on human health.
Many of the ecological functions and processes performed or affected by shellfish contribute to human well-being by providing a stream of valuable ecosystem services over time by filtering out particulate materials and potentially mitigating water quality issues by controlling excess nutrients in the water.
Some critics believe that the 20-70-10 model fails to reflect actual human behavior.
In 1985, he observed that Aeschylus' phrase brought up in him "the most exciting images, and I often read it ... the violence of it brings up the images in me, 'the reek of human blood smiles out at me', well what could be more amazing than that."
David Reekie is an eminent English glass sculptor who uses drawing and glass casting to express his unique vision of the human condition.
He has taught courses on Islam and Human Rights, Islam and Pluralism, and Gender Studies through a Quranic Perspective.
Old Man's War sits in the military science fiction genre but themes of the ethics of life extension, friendship, marriage, the significance of mortality, what makes one human, and individual identity are present within the novel.
Younger vampires have normal human teeth that must be filed, are insensitive to sunlight, and can both eat and drink (as demonstrated by Zillah's group's liking for chartreuse).
Article 1 of Universal Declaration of Human Rights:
"The Problem of the Text in Linguistics, Philology, and the Human Sciences: An Experiment in Philosophical Analysis" is a compilation of the thoughts Bakhtin recorded in his notebooks.
In 2021 China imposed sanctions on five members of the European Parliament and members of the EU human rights and security committee because of EU statements and action regarding the repression of the Uyghurs.
From 2000 to 2002, she was a member of the Committee of Defending Human Rights- Amarji Magazine.
All the Nakas are set free and given human rights, recognizing their status as cyborgs, while the CEO of Nakamura (Alex Jenks) is arrested.
This was also found to be true for adult human fibroblasts.
One of her ships, , was seized by Italian authorities in 2017, who accused her of cooperating with human traffickers, and claimed many of those saved were at no imminent risk of death.
Bakhtin has been called "the philosopher of human communication."
These reports discuss the sexual attractions, behaviors, and development of human males and females.
Human trypanosomiasis is a cutaneous condition caused by several species of trypanosomes, with skin manifestations usually being observed in the earlier stages of the disease as evanescent erythema, erythema multiforme, and edema, especially angioedema.
Grant legal registration to Tunisian non-governmental organisations that work with current and former political prisoners and other human rights NGOs and to allow them to carry out their legitimate work unimpeded.
Human rights activists and lawyers reported that rape victims were stigmatized, persecuted, and even imprisoned.
Whatever occurred to the animal-affinity also occurred to the human.
The lack of later development of the national team on a wider international level symptomatic of all African teams is a result of several factors, including  limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses.
He is known for his work on philosophical zombies—putatively unconscious beings physically and behaviourally identical to human beings.
His theories lean towards the basis that the span of human being existence is part of the universe design.
The right to secure employment, either in one's current job or in a job that utilises a person's skills in the most socially productive way, is usually seen as crucial for the success of the economy and human development.
This agency was opened in order to promote social justice and internationally recognized human and labor rights.
Yang Guo later hides in a cave, along with the Condor (a large god bird that can carry people, this bird knows martial arts and understands human language) practicing martial arts.
The value-quality permeates all human wants, urges, desires, and aspirations.
The Max Planck Institute for Human Development
A Narrative of the Bones: Aspects of the Human Condition in Geometric-Archaic Eleutherna (Athens, 2005).
Mutations in Fbw7 have been found in more than 30% of human tumors, characterizing it as a tumor suppressor protein.
After Oberon instructs Puck to return Bottom's head to his human state, which Puck reluctantly does, the fairies leave him sleeping in the woods, nearby the four Athenian lovers, Demetrius, Helena, Hermia, and Lysander.
In October 2011, the Responsible Jewellery Council announced that Jaeger-LeCoultre had obtained certification for its commitment to human rights and for meeting the ethical, social and environmental standards established by the RJC's Member Certification system.
During the Aristide government the military's reputation in regard to human rights began to improve, however this was quickly reversed after the coup.
Canada has enacted comprehensive legislation prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, colour, and national or ethnic origin in the federally regulated provision of goods and services, and employment practices in the Canadian Human Rights Act.
The Minnesota Governor's Commission on Human Rights also opposed the legislation, indicating that it would "not adequately protect the interests of the Indians...".
In 2012, Profile launched a new list with Wellcome Collection, designed to showcase writing about medicine, the body and the human condition.
According to some teachings, this term refers to a human being, who bears the title satan while others argue that it indeed refers to a heavenly supernatural agent, an angel.
He has also published two other books that study the relations between music and literary texts and music, nationalism, and gender and has published 14 books with several forthcoming across a range of disciplines including human rights, literary theory and biography, Latin American studies, and Jacobean studies.
Elizabeth Chyrum, known as Elsa Chyrum, is an Eritrean human rights activist based in the United Kingdom.
Shamans claim to visit other worlds or dimensions to bring guidance to misguided souls and to ameliorate illnesses of the human soul caused by foreign elements.
In 2015, Azerbaijan's membership was suspended due to the European Union's criticism of human rights abuses by the government.
The agricultural food freed that way was used for human consumption.
Kerner has emerged as a leader in combating human trafficking, and has filed and passed several related bills which have become law.
The boy then exits his room and comes down the stairs, now mutated into some sort of human fly.
Human primary oocytes are present at an intermediate stage of meiosis, that is prophase I (see Oogenesis).
Two years later, the United Nations World Charter for Nature raised five principles of conservation by which human conduct affecting nature is to be guided and judged.
Completing a portion of his work as part of an unsigned team of artists at the Grošelj Workshop in Ljubljana Urbania's contributions stand out nonetheless for the vividness of his figures, the stunning naturalism, the realism of the human body, plainly beautiful faces, idealized branches and leaves, and exaggerated emotion, which can be seen in all his subsequent work.
According to the Chemical Hazards Emergency Medical Management office within the United States Department of Health and Human Services, "RSDL is used as a medical device for the decontamination of skin exposed to chemical warfare agents such as sulfur mustard, VX, VR and certain biological toxins."
 Personality Projection In The Drawing Of The Human Figure (A Method of Personality Investigation).
 "A Blank Human Canvas: The Literary Tattoo Leaps From the Page to Living Parchment"
"Pedagogies of the Global: Knowledge in the Human Interest," Paradigm Press
The campaign was managed by Soltan's older sister, Hanaa, and consisted of family, friends, lawyers and human rights defenders around the world.
In 2019, four of the seven SI base units specified in the International System of Quantities were redefined in terms of natural physical constants, rather than human artifacts such as the standard kilogram.
In Gnosticism, Jesus is actually two separate beings, a divine aeon Jesus, and a human Jesus.
In pre-Hispanic Mesoamerica, the eagle was a major Mexica (Aztec) symbol: the tribal and sun god, Huitzilopochtli, had told his people that when they saw the sun (i.e., Huitzilopochtli) in the form of an eagle perched on a cactus whose fruit was red and shaped like a human heart, there they should build their city, Tenochtitlan.
Therefore, a problem rather belongs to computer vision to the degree to which its goal is "semantic", i.e., the result approximates the human seeing of objects in a picture.
The IU has produced (2008) two documentary short films on human rights and poverty in southern Africa.
An incisive portrait of human resilience.”
Endothelin receptor type A, also known as ETA, is a human G protein-coupled receptor.
Since founding the party, Thanathorn has advocated his vision for the party: the return of civilian government and demilitarization of Thai politics, greater political accountability, a fairer distribution of wealth, a social welfare system that promotes human dignity and greater decentralisation of power.
If Duck removes the pendant or quacks while talking, she transforms back into a duck, and must touch water while wearing the pendant to return to her human form.
In this sense, she is a poet who illustrates the human struggle to heal life's scars.
 Alexander Stradymov Lukic, chief specialist of the Office of Human Resources of the Federal Service of Russian TV and Radio (May 1999);
This replacement of human victims with effigies is attributed to Padmasambhava, a Tibetan saint of the mid-8th century, in Tibetan tradition.
Northeast Kingdom Community Action (NEKCA) serves the Northeast Kingdom of Vermont, which according the Northeast Kingdom Human Services (NEKHS), "continues to have the deepest poverty in Vermont," and "poor health outcomes."
Journalist Gideon Rachman argued in 2019 that the concept of a civilization state is at odds with modern conceptions of universal human rights and common democratic standards, and is inherently exclusive to minority groups who do not share the feature(s) that define a particular civilization state (for example, they may have a different religion).
Will and Dewitt is a Canadian flash-animated television series featuring a frog named Dewitt, and a human boy named Will as the main characters.
Human antimicrobial peptides which are toxic to viruses, fungi, bacteria and cancerous cells are considered a part of the immune system.
P&G announced it would resume selling the products in China in late 2006 after regulators declared that the trace elements of these substances in cosmetics were not likely to be injurious to human health.
Fagioli postulated that light stimulation determines simultaneously the beginning of human thought activity and the emergence of what he formulated as the annulment pulsion of the non-material world.
Most human tissue and organ transplants are allografts.
 The Zoo (The Human Zoo) (Gloria Jones, Pam Sawyer) from the album Machine Gun – 3:08
During a 4-month period, in which his class dissects human cadavers, Hiroshi realizes that the body that he is dissecting is the body of his former girlfriend, Ryoko, which causes more of Hiroshi's memory to return.
Maria Popova, on brainpickings.org, wrote that the atlas's maps “reveal the nature of all cities as functions of human intention with its always dual and often dueling capacities for good and evil, for revolution and repression, for power and prejudice, for creation and destruction."
In traditional common law, a killing of a human was a murder only if the victim was "under the king's peace" (i.e., not an outlaw or an enemy soldier in wartime).
Human rights refer to economical, social and ecological aspects of organisations' activities.
RNA-Seq has been used in both human and mouse studies in an attempt characterize beige adipocytes according to their gene expression profiles and to identify potential therapeutic molecules that may induce the beige phenotype.
Anita concludes that the victim was a naga, an immortal creature able to assume human or snake forms, and the naga is taken to the hospital for treatment.
The Ministry was merged with the Minister of Human Settlements, Water and Sanitation on 27 May 2019, and separated again in 2021.
Major Walters - Human police officer
For instance, the religious philosopher Ninian Smart begins his Worldviews: Cross-cultural Explorations of Human Beliefs with "Exploring Religions and Analysing Worldviews" and argues for "the neutral, dispassionate study of different religious and secular systems—a process I call worldview analysis."
), as she appears at first as a normal human.
Continued armed violence in Colombia has displaced many communities, making them vulnerable to human trafficking.
Carlyle asserted that the lives of great human beings were essential to understanding society and its institutions.
Human faces, distorted or in agony, often appear in his work.
"Their maxim that demand governed supply, and supply would always meet demand, referred in no way to the demand representing human need, but wholly to an artificial thing called the market, itself the product of the profit system."
Schramm, Carl J., "Managing Foundations Toward the Goal of Expanding Human Welfare," presented at the Distinguished Speakers Series of the University of Southern California's Center on Philanthropy and Public Policy (Los Angeles, Calif., February 21, 2008)
She will not reveal her face until the last moment, when it is revealed as either the face of a horse or, alternatively, a human skull.
The Doctor attempts to engage Seven in human activities such as a simulated party on the holodeck, but Seven continues to try to keep working during these times.
Also in 2007, they were the first to produce human iPS cells.
Griffin's film work includes Twin Town, Solomon a Gaenor, Human Traffic, The Machine, and Under Milk Wood.
He was previously the Minister of Culture and Heritage, and Minister of Knowledge and Human Talent.
For The Human Surge, Williams used three different video formats, one for each segment: the Argentine segment was shot on 16 mm film, the Mozambique part with a Blackmagic pocket camera—subsequently recaptured in Super 16 from a computer monitor, and the final Philippine sequence on a digital RED camera.
Cybernetics and	Human Knowing'', 7 (4) 43-56.
There are various funding programs available for children including Head Start, Colorado Preschool Program (CPP), CCCAP through the Lincoln County Department of Human Services, and private pay tuition.
The south burial chamber contained fragments of human remains.
Whedon's script marked a theme of human connection as the metaphor for the couple's mysterious link.
In Murindó and the Atrato Valley, shaking intensity was IX (Violent), accounting for most of the damage to human settlements.
List of districts of Sierra Leone by Human Development Index
And Europe will say something to us about the referendum in Crimea and the protection of human rights".
Assange responded by writing back to the U.S. State Department that "you have chosen to respond in a manner which leads me to conclude that the supposed risks are entirely fanciful and you are instead concerned to suppress evidence of human rights abuse and other criminal behaviour".
The Romans had believed that Dīs Pater must be appeased by offering him human heads, and Saturn could be appeased by offering him victims.
These CpG sites occurred in over 7,000 genes, or roughly a third of known human genes.
Areas of severe narrowing, stenosis, detectable by angiography, and to a lesser extent "stress testing" have long been the focus of human diagnostic techniques for cardiovascular disease, in general.
The Chosun Journal is an independent, non-profit website that networks communities for human rights in North Korea.
There, she realizes that all the "servers" were in fact human brains being fed nutrients by the station.
For example, in Neisseria meningitidis L2,3,5,7,9, the terminal tetrasaccharide portion of the oligosaccharide (lacto-N-neotetraose) is the same tetrasaccharide as that found in paragloboside, a precursor for ABH glycolipid antigens found on human erythrocytes.
There is a wide range of applications: simulation, games, film and TV productions, human factors and ergonomic and usability studies in various industries (aerospace, automobile, machinery, furniture etc.
Three members of the circus, the human cannonball, the sword swallower, and the clown, are actually criminals and are at the house to steal the families paintings.
The film opens as the family is celebrating Hanukkah in Shostka, Ukraine in 1885, the Mousekewitzes, a Russian-Jewish family of mice who live with a human family named Moskowitz, are celebrating the holiday and Papa gives his hat to his 5-year-old son, Fievel, and tells him about the United States, a country where there are no cats.
Nestor Serrano as Matador, is a bullfighter who tortures and kills human beings as if they were animals and enjoys the kill.
 The Human Argument, 2008 Spring Publications, Putnam, Connecticut.
It may include donating funds, paying regular visits, engaging in spreading misinformation or teaching courses despite awareness of the countries’ human rights abuses.
Cook is also known for synthetic works for a general audience, including The Koran: A Very Short Introduction (Oxford, 2000) and A Brief History of the Human Race (Norton, 2003).
6 to the European Convention on Human Rights.
Old growth is defined as those forests that have not been logged (and have not been significantly disturbed by human beings) in the last 150 years.
In 1699 he brought out a Consideration of the Objections to the Essay on the Human Understanding.
H. Güven, Civilizations and Natural laws: A Positive Sciences Perspective; a chapter in Leadership And Human Development, Eds.
Human SKIDA1 contains two poly-alanine regions, one poly-histidine region, and one poly-glutamic acid region.
 Night of the Living Dead (1968), when the unburied dead returns to life and seek human victims, follows an ever-growing epidemic of zombies that have risen from the dead, Dawn of the Dead (1978), Day of the Dead (1985), Land of the Dead (2005), Diary of the Dead (2008) and Survival of the Dead (2010) by George A. Romero.
While some surgeons eschewed human cadavers in favour of facsimiles, plaster casts, wax models and animals, bodies were also taken from hospital burial grounds.
Lestat nearly dies after becoming human again—his new body is wracked by pneumonia, which he ignores during a tour of Washington D.C. in the middle of winter.
The human secondary somatosensory cortex (S2, SII) is a region of cortex in the parietal operculum on the ceiling of the lateral sulcus.
She is the National Aquarium Chair in the Public Understanding of Oceans and Human Health at The University of Plymouth U.K., at SETE-Theoretical and Experimental Ecology Station, CNRS Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, France and is adjunct professor at The University of Texas at Austin U.S.A..
The site included a thermal bath, with associated conduits for water and heating, which were destroyed by both natural and human action.
Human or animal figures are not sharply defined but appear to dissolve into the background.
Bilateral Terran Alliance, a fictional human alliance in the 1985 film Enemy Mine
According to a 2009 Human Rights Watch report, 70-90% of Pakistani women suffered with some kind of domestic violence.
Human rights activist Loujain al-Hathloul was forcibly repatriated from the United Arab Emirates in 2017, jailed for a short time, banned from future international travel, and then disappeared after being arrested again in 2018.
He was awarded the European Human Rights Prize of the Council of Europe in 1986.
A list of rock formations worldwide that resemble human beings.
He creates puppet-like suits out of human corpses, most notably the Iwanbō series.
The earliest traces of human life in the area now known as Argentina are dated from the Paleolithic period, with further traces in the Mesolithic and Neolithic.
Stone tool use – early human (hominid) use of stone tool technology, such as the hand axe, was similar to that of primates, which is found to be limited to the intelligence levels of modern children aged 3 to 5 years.
Based on this information the annual average U.S temperatures are expected to increase by 3 °F to 10 °F having direct effects on human health.
Protection of human rights through legislation 
He also served as first President of the Human Rights Party, which he helped found in 1970 after breaking with the Democratic Party over its support for the Vietnam War.
There is extensive discussion of dharma at the individual level in the Epics of Hinduism, observes Ingalls; for example, on free will versus destiny, when and why human beings believe in either, ultimately concluding that the strong and prosperous naturally uphold free will, while those facing grief or frustration naturally lean towards destiny.
Human rights watchdog organisations have raised concerns around police selectivity in making recordings of raids after a raid in the settlement of Vrbica in 2015; the police claimed to have not thought the settlement would be problematic; this raid involved 15 men being seriously injured.
The two natures, the human and the aesthetic, perfectly coincide in his tormented figure.
This form has a fixed rule or model known as "heaven, human, and earth".
Training and Resources United to Stop Trafficking (TRUST) focuses on raising awareness about human trafficking through training and providing resources.
Hicks married Aloysia Hicks, a human rights activist who studied at the University of Sydney.
A large patch of oil appeared on the surface as well as debris and human remains.
Staller believed that the English playwright and critic, George Bernard Shaw, created work that made the strongest statements on human rights.
When the sun goes down, Cleo the mummy, Drac the vampire, Frankie the Frankenstein’s monster, Katya the witch, Lobo the werewolf, Zoe the zombie, and Spike the dragon boy, transform from human to monster form.
Blood – Human glycophorin A-specific antibodies are conjugated with colloidal gold and incorporated beneath the sample window.
The human IAP family consists of 8 members, and IAP homologs have been identified in numerous organisms.
Instead of killing people to earn points, people are sacrificed to the cars' engines, which have been modified to run off human blood rather than traditional fuel.
Focusing on the exploration of international culture, Eddie recorded a series of investigations related to human and civil rights, migration and youth issues in more than 60 cities around the world.
Hydraulic blowing was installed, obviating the need for a human organ blower, while the manual compasses were standardised, a proper pedal section installed and more fashionable stops added, while preserving the essence of the original 18th century work.
The WCS 2030 strategy builds on this vision, and includes bold initiatives to build a global network of Nature's Strongholds to save the most important places for biodiversity; the protection of intact forests to help solve the climate crisis; and a One Health initiative to promote the link between wildlife and human health, with the goal of preventing future pandemics.
The court accepted that "[t]he more substantial the interference with human rights, the more the court will require by way of justification before it is satisfied that the decision is reasonable".
Landers was educated at Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School, Elstree, Southgate Technical College, Hertford College, Oxford (BA Human Sciences, MA) and Churchill College, Cambridge (PhD, Some problems in the historical demography of London, 1675-1825, approved 13 November 1984).
The face of the group was Jive Bunny, a cartoon rabbit who appeared in the videos, and also (as a human being in a costume) did promotional appearances for them.
Andrea asks if she knew Michonne's chained walkers before they turned, but she states they weren't human in the first place.
In his late sixties, when composing Magick Without Tears, he states that the Holy Guardian Angel is not one's 'self,' but rather a discrete and independent being, who may have been previously human.
A lamp shade also serves to "shade" human eyes from the direct glare of the light bulbs used to illuminate the lamp.
ABCC index helps to measure differences in human capital for further analysis.
10 years after the end of Kira case, Ryuk again visits the human world to find the successor of kira on the reaper king's order.
How states attempt to govern the AI industry can shape how AI applications are developed, tested and operated and in what ethical frameworks relevant to many forms of human interests, thereby affecting the degree of digital self-determination exercised by individuals and communities.
Badger and Fox cub: A badger, vixen, and the vixen's cub lived in a forest that was running out of food, so they came up with the plan of one of them pretending to be dead, the other disguising as a merchant, and the “merchant” selling the “dead” animal to a human.
The human Robo gene acts as a receptor for a midline repulsive cue.
Its purpose is to promote "the testimony of charity in the Italian ecclesiastical community, in forms that are appropriate to the times and needs, for integral human development, social justice and peace, with special attention to the poor and primary pedagogical functions"" (art.1 of the Statute).
Hasan has argued that Islam is compatible with the theory of evolution, describing the story of Adam and Eve as "children's madrasa-level understanding" of human origins while pointing to antecedents of the modern theory of evolution among medieval Muslim philosophers like Ibn Khaldun (d.1406} and Ibn Miskawayh (d.1030).
This is a list of provinces of Cuba by Human Development Index as of 2021 with data for the year 2019.
Fitzgerald is also a patron of the Human Rights Lawyers Association.
Therefore, any metric must assign quality scores so they correlate with the human judgment of quality.
Because genes occur naturally in every human, in addition to raising moral questions, some believe that patents constitute an obstacle to biomedical research worldwide.
Judge LaFortune presided over the jury trial of Timothy Shawn Cato, convicted of 11 counts of child sexual abuse committed against 5 boys he met through church and while doing volunteer work for a local Department of Human Services Shelter.
Peter John Jaban is a DJ on Radio Free Sarawak and a human rights campaigner for Sarawak, Malaysia.
They were the brand ambassadors of International Human Rights Organisation (IHRO), an Indian NGO from New Delhi, and are a part of their new campaign Aware India for Health and Education.
ActingI Own the Racecourse (1985) – filmThe Human Behan (1995–96) – playWaiting for Godot (2000) – playMan of Flowers (Paul Cox, 1983) - film
The organization’s activities are carried out by five steering teams which cover the areas of content creation, distribution and transmission, education and communication, consumer products and a team dedicated to the effects of 3D TV on human physiology.
The restored buildings enhance the human scale of the streetscape and reinforce the historic character of The Rocks and provide an accessible resource for interpretation and education for tourists in the heart of The Rocks.
The German Africa Prize or German Africa Award () has been awarded annually since 1993 by the  () to promote peace, democracy, social market economy and human rights.
Kitagawa was especially impacted by Confucius' teachings on common human nature, the educability of all men and women, ethical universalism, and the vocation of training scholars.
In Canada, the National Knowledge Exam (NKE) is a certifying exam administered by the Canadian Council of Human Resources Associations.
Diesel found an emotional note in his performance, invoking the death of his friend and Fast & Furious co-star Paul Walker, saying, "This was in December [2013], and the first time I came back to dealing with human beings after dealing with death, so playing a character who celebrates life in the way Groot does was very nice."
Law 8754, passed in July 2009, authorized the use of expanded law enforcement and investigative measures, such as wiretapping and the use of anticipated testimonies, when undertaking human trafficking cases.
With his cheerful and enthusiastic demeanor, Ichijo appears very "un-vampire like", lacking the dark atmosphere that surrounds most vampires and making him appear more like a human.
One of Lewis' arguments is that supernaturalism, a basic tenet of Christianity, can be logically inferred based on a teleological argument regarding the source of human reason.
), The Scientific Study of Human Nature: Tribute to Hans J. Eysenck at eighty, (pp.
PAX2 encodes paired box gene 2, one of many human homologues of the Drosophila melanogaster gene prd.
In 1992, as part of the peace settlement established by the Chapultepec Peace Accords signed in Mexico City on January 16 of that year, the United Nations-sanctioned Truth Commission for El Salvador investigating human rights abuses committed during the war, supervised the exhumations of the El Mozote's remains by the Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team (EAAF), beginning November 17.
Other employer groups such as the Society for Human Resource Management, the  Disability Management Employers Coalition, the American Bar Association, and the  National Industry Liaison Group to provide training for members as well as disseminate information.
Nests near human habitations may show higher breeding success due to increased availability of rodents for feeding young.
In particular, Johnson emphasises "the helpless vulnerability of the individual before the social context" and the "inevitable self-deception by which human beings are led astray".
Foraging is the oldest subsistence pattern, with all human societies relying on it until approximately 10,000 years ago.
Anis organised yearly seminars, conferences, workshops for economists, politicians, sociologists, psychologists, historians, religionists, anthropologists and linguists during his stay of over a decade in the US With a rich background in Islamization of Social Sciences he tried to translate this concept into the curriculum of Human Sciences at International Islamic University Malaysia.
Weerakoon teaches that "sex and the wonder of human genitalia are gifts from God that should be celebrated".
Since the body of a normal human is frail to accept all her power at once, Mio only gave Shido the power to take in the Spirit's power.
'Ain Ghazal is one of the earliest known human settlements with evidence of domesticated animals.
The first was initially defended by the government of Veracruz, the second by the Presidency of the Republic and then by the National Human Rights Commission.
Gestures play a major role in many aspects of human life.
At the end of the conflict between Russia and Georgia, Georgia went to the European court of human rights to provide evidence that Russia committed war crimes during the conflict.
Human Geography Today, Cambridge: Polity Press: pp.
The non-native exotic honeysuckle species had thrived in the absence of fire through human intervention.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency studied 1,065 chemical and drug substances in their ToxCast program (part of the CompTox Chemicals Dashboard) using in silico modeling and a human pluripotent stem cell-based assay to predict in vivo developmental intoxicants based on changes in cellular metabolism following chemical exposure.
The Muslim Women's Project was created in response to the findings from the 2004 Islamic Report, which found that it was women who were most affected by racial and religious discrimination, to engage with Muslim Women about human rights and responsibilities.
", Phoebe discovers Cole is able to linger in the Demonic Wasteland, where vanquished demons go, because of his human soul.
Human has three SAGA-like complexes: PCAF, TFTC (TBP-free TAF-containing complex), and STAGA (SPT3-TAF9-GCN5L acetylase).
It then commits programs and funds to fulfill these missing human rights.
Order has to be maintained even at the price of human life.
Among the series' initial directors was future filmmaker Tom Six, renowned for The Human Centipede and its sequels.
Archaeological finds from the Bronze Age have led to the assumption that there was human settlement then within what are now the municipality's limits.
In the same day, prominent Thammasat University student activist Parit “Penguin” Chiwarak was arrested on charges related to involvement in the 18 July “Free Youth” rally, leading to calls from Human Rights Watch that Thai authorities should immediately release him and drop all charges.
This policy may be simple (e.g., antivirus scanning and whitelist [or "allowlist"] check before transfer between peer networks) or complex (e.g., multiple content filters and a human reviewer must examine, redact, and approve a document before release from a high security domain).
When a person was identified as a strzyga, they were chased away from human dwelling places.
Masters is the founder of the Oregon non-profit organization, the Foundation of Human Understanding.
Two years later the company produced Quarantine, a show about the human quarantine patients who lived and died on Matiu-Somes Island in the Wellington harbour.
The oldest bones of a human from the Stirling area were found in Torbrex in 2017.
According to the biodiversity hypothesis, reduced contact of people with natural environment and biodiversity may adversely affect the human commensal microbiota and its immunomodulatory capacity.
Robert Jewett and John Shelton Lawrence's The Myth of the American Superhero describes Kirk as "a hard-driving leader who pushes himself and his crew beyond human limits".
He holds that we are rationally justified in affirming human immortality and the existence of a finite God who is to be a constitutional ruler, but not a despot, over the souls of people.
 Resolution for the right to health as a basic human right.
Yoho urged the Trump administration to impose sanctions against Chinese officials who are responsible for human rights abuses against the Uyghur Muslim minority in China's northwestern Xinjiang region.
On 3 April 2015, Union Minister of Human Resource Development, Smriti Irani allegedly spotted a camera positioned to record near a changing room, at an outlet of Fabindia in Candolim, Goa.
 The caretakers limit contact so that the falcons will not rely too much on human resources if they are released into the wild.
Since J.C. Beyer and his partners first demonstrated the ability of toxins to be recovered from maggots feeding on human remains in 1980, the use of entomotoxicology in investigations has made an emergence into the field of forensic entomology.
In the year 2142, intelligence agent Conrad B. Hart discovers that shapeshifting aliens known as Morphs have infiltrated human society.
The paintings on the rock shelters mostly depict hunting scenes and human activities.
Only a few days into a week-long visit to Los Angeles, Ojala was hired on the spot as a lab and on-set technician for the visual effects studio Almost Human, Inc., providing various functions including moldmaking, makeup application and puppeteering for film, commercials and television series including Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Angel and Firefly.
Automatic message exchange (AME):  In an adaptive high-frequency (HF) radio network, an automated process allowing the transfer of a message from message injection to addressee reception, without human intervention.
Speleologists discovered tombs from the middle Paleolithic period, which show evidence of human occupation of the caves 35,000 years ago.
Révolution politique et révolution de l’homme (Political Revolution and Human Revolution), Neuchâtel, La Baconnière, 1967.
Hillary was unaware of the possibility that he was looking at a combination of the original material and the human bones placed there by Byrne.
Pāṇini's work on Vyākaraṇa has been called by George Cardona as "one of the greatest monuments of human intelligence".
Hugo Zacchini performed a human cannonball act in 1972 at the Geauga County Fair in Burton, Ohio.
The history of human activity in Michigan, a U.S. state in the Great Lakes, began with settlement of the western Great Lakes region by Native Americans perhaps as early as 11,000 BCE.
According to Cohen, many people are in touch with the fact that racial oppression still occurs, along with other acts of human suffering, yet deny that those actions happen.
The primary mRNA for human TMEM241 isoform 1 contains binding sites in its 3' UTR for the miRNAs 520f-5p, 378a-5p, and 6866-5p.
The festival consists of four stages and has hosted performances from artists such as; The Boomtown Rats; The Proclaimers; Bill Bailey; UB40's Ali Campbell, Astro and Mickey Virtue reunited; The Levellers; Newton Faulkner; Craig Charles; 10cc; The Waterboys; Duffy; Supergrass; The Stranglers; and The Human League.
He was the director of the Human Rights Division, the Peacekeeping and Regional Security Division, and the Policy Planning Staff.
Detroit: Become Human was worked on by the 180 staff members at Quantic Dream and also outsourced to the Philippines, China, Vietnam, and India.
Coolidge, Frederick L., "The Ultimate Origins of Learning and Memory Systems," Human Evolution, vol.
The Human Rights Campaign has endorsed the Therapeutic Fraud Prevention Act.
The study failed to support the prediction that isotopes should smell different, with untrained human subjects unable to distinguish acetophenone from its deuterated counterpart.
Recent additions by Booth Creek Holdings have added gas fire pits, heated sidewalks and other human comforts.
A wide brush covered with layers of different paints could, according to Ažbe, paint a human forehead in a single powerful stroke, a skill that required years of rigorous, sometimes exhausting, training.
Myc is known to bind to human ribosomal DNA in order to stimulate rRNA transcription by RNA polymerase I.
Julian Hawthorne, an American writer, critic and friend of Trollope, while praising him as a man, calling him "a credit to England and to human nature, and ... [deserving] to be numbered among the darlings of mankind", also said that "he has done great harm to English fictitious literature by his novels".
As the series progresses, more about Vash's past and the history of human civilization on the planet Gunsmoke is revealed.
Mises, Ludwig von, Human Action: A Treatise on Economics, 1949.
He states, "I don't use dancers to copy some movement – human beings are not just puppets.
As one of these figurines has a human face, it is possible that the deity himself could have been perceived as taking the form of an animal.
Crona is forced by Medusa to devour human souls through Ragnarok as part of Medusa's experiment for Crona to become a kishin.
Based in Delhi, the company offers a broad range of tests on blood, urine and other human body viscera.
The illustrations are representations of alchemical symbols depicted in human or animal form.
Los Angeles Councilwoman Janice Hahn called a meeting of community leaders, the Los Angeles Police Department, school representatives, service providers, gang intervention workers, and city departments and facilitated by Patricia Villasenor of the City of Los Angeles Human Relations Commission, to see how, together, they could stop the violence and improve police and community relations.
In abortion debates, for example, the crux of the issue may really be whether a fetus is a human person.
The Human Rights Association (HRA) protested against this evaluation and pointed at recent figures and definitions of systematic torture by the European Committee for the Prevention of Torture and the UN Committee against Torture.
Opponents of the sex workers' rights movement, such as Melissa Farley and Janice Raymond, argue that prostitution should be abolished because legalization can increase incidences of human trafficking.
While president, Omolewa led UNESCO to adopt the International Declaration on Human Genetic Data and the Convention for the Safeguarding of Intangible Cultural Heritage.
After the girl ran away with both hands stuck by needles, he explained to the Gingerbread Man and Chicken Ripple that he was actually cursed by a witch, only the curse was, in his own words, a perverse attraction to human women.
They are principally focused on human rights mechanism challenges within the member states.
The Israeli human rights organisation B'Tselem says that "thousands of Palestinians have difficulty going to their fields and marketing their produce in other areas of the West Bank.
The Human Rights Commission in New Zealand have asserted that there is strong, consistent evidence that structural discrimination is a real and ongoing issue in the country.
28 July – 83 people were arrested in Cumana after 27 separate pockets of protests denouncing alleged human rights violations broke out near the police headquarters.
A furious Satan starts to ascend to Earth, but Adam, having heard that "his father is coming", twists reality so that his human adoptive father arrives instead, then modifies everyone's memories of recent events.
Typically a spaceport site is large enough that, should a vehicle explode, it will not endanger human lives or adjacent launch pads.
A reminder of how human nature can break through the boundaries of hatred.
The presence of the soul in the human body exists in archaic mythological imaginations.
Under Criterian (v): "The continuing cultural landscape of the Budj Bim Cultural Landscape is an outstanding representative example of human interaction with the environment and testimony to the lives of the Gunditjmara...The Budj Bim Cultural Landscape exemplifies the dynamic ecological-cultural relationships evidenced in the Gunditjmara’s deliberate manipulation and management of the environment".
The ceiling consists of seven cupolas, decorated with frescoes by Bartolomeo Altomonte showing the stages of human knowledge up to the high point of Divine Revelation.
The march was organized by human rights groups and other social organizations under the banner, "For the emancipation of the Arab nations: neither dictators nor imperialists".
Jaevion Nelson, an HIV/AIDS campaigner and human rights advocate, also published an article on the subject in The Gleaner.
ArtistDirect stated that "the musical chemistry between Mader and Hart was so palpable that it pulled him out of band retirement" and that "musically, Once Human are as visceral as they are vicious".
The lake is no longer currently subject to any human use, except for some recreational sailboarding by residents of the area.
Steyn further criticized the Human Rights Commissions and Canadian politicians, stating that
He had only three friends: the elf of Turku Cathedral, his magical black cat Murri in the cellar vault and his only human friend, Matts Mursten, the old janitor of Turku Castle.
The country of El Salvador has a Human Rights Procurator, also referred to as ombudsman ().
She later became a human resources manager and business owner, a teacher at the College of Marin and the Dominican University of California, and a member of the Petaluma, California, City Council before running for Congress.
In the sixteenth, , an enemy would come into contact with a human being for the first time.
In his book titled Prometheus: Archetypal Image of Human Existence, C. Kerényi states the key contrast between Goethe's version of Prometheus with the ancient Greek version.
That nature evolves towards a purpose, and that is the unfolding of the human mind and consciousness in all its levels and degrees, is not teleological but a function of the very nature of the law of polarity or creation itself, namely that of increasing individuation of an original unity, what Coleridge termed 'multeity in unity'.
A hospitable hermit, someone who can find or fix anything - except human contact.
According to human capital theory, this retracts from the female investment in higher education and employment training.
Its prime purpose is to rejuvenate the mind, resonate with the singing cells of human body, which will enable us to be in sync with health and vitality.
272 held in 2017), that stated that "the practice of surrogacy unbearably makes for an offence to woman dignity and profoundly undermines human relations".
The Inquiry also noted a small percentage of fires started from human causes, (including powerlines, machinery and amateur hazard reduction burns on private rural properties) but that fires caused by suspected arson were a "very small proportion of the area burnt".
The same happened to any call for a broader inquiry about the human traffic in the Mediterranean and the lack of action by local officers who got a hint of the tragedy.
It is named after Flora Rose (1874–1959), co-founder of the College of Human Ecology.
 The Challenge of the Spaceship (Astronautics and its Impact Upon Human Society), Arthur C. Clarke, JBIS, 6, pp.
While Human became Norwood's first effort not to be nominated for a Grammy Award in any category, it received generally favorable reviews from music critics, averaging a 67 out of a 100 among averaged reviews on Metacritic.
Republicans are deeply divided over the human causes of climate change and global warming.
Other parameters instead are suggested as a tentative dosage, such as half-lives in plasma and urine in various test species and human, receptor binding in vitro, or pharmacodynamic data in vivo in animals.
Each International Max Planck Research School covers a specific topic in one of the following areas: chemistry, physics & technology, biology & medicine or human sciences.
Instrumentalism is the view that creativity in the interpretation of legal texts is justified in order to assure that the law serves good public policy and social interests, although legal instrumentalists could also see the end of law as the promotion of justice or the protection of human rights.
This mode of providence affirms the compatibility between human free will and divine foreknowledge, but its incompatibility with theological determinism.
A Human Rights Watch representative was in court.
The Field Guide to Human Error Investigations.
He claims in this book to set forth a purely descriptive account of human ethical behavior, in which he identifies two types of behavior: the affirmation and denial of the 'will to life' (Wille zum Leben), which constitutes the essence of every individual.
|ShortSummary    = The human race has beaten an invasion by an alien race called the JAM back to its home planet Fairy.
On 21 November 2005, the Iranian News Agency claimed that Iran has a human space program along with plans for the development of a spacecraft and a space laboratory.
The agreement includes provisions to further improve human rights and strengthening democratic reforms in Armenia.
Usually stencilled art is life-size, using body parts as the stencil, but the 17 images of designs of human figures, boomerangs, animals such as crabs and long-necked turtles, wavy lines and geometric shapes are very rare.
He was wondering how any existing human being can make any movement in an ideal world.
In May 2020 Fong was asked to leave the Human Rights Protection Party by Prime Minister Tuila'epa Sa'ilele Malielegaoi over his opposition to Tuila'epa's proposed constitutional reforms.
Like all elves, she is child-sized by human standards, but her bodily proportions are adult.
Syracuse, NY: Training Institute for Human Service Planning, Leadership & Change Agentry (Syracuse University).
While most saw action on Banshee (the location for Deadlands: Lost Colony), many others were stationed on Earth to fight human threats during the Last War.
CD4 is a surface receptor for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Erlanger Western Carolina Hospital is a hospital located in Murphy, North Carolina certified by the United States Department of Health and Human Services.
In September 2019, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) learned that some ranitidine medicines, including some products sold under the brand name Zantac, contained a nitrosamine impurity called N-nitrosodimethylamine (NDMA), classified as a probable human carcinogen, at low levels.
 Iran Human Rights Practices, 1994
Exhibit B: The Human Condition is the ninth studio album by American thrash metal band Exodus.
 The Human Development Index was devised by Pakistani economist Mahbub ul Haq in 1990 and had the explicit purpose "to shift the focus of development economics from national income accounting to people centered policies".
More often than not however, he is concerned with questions that relate to the human condition generally:
In the northern parts of West Africa, human sacrifice had become rare early as Islam became more established in these areas such as the Hausa States .
One such study where genetic structure among human individuals is investigated is by Relethford and Brennan, (1982) where pedigree and marriage data from Sanday, Orkney Islands in Scotland were used to evaluate temporal patterns in isolation by distance.
Come un uomo sulla terra is a journey of pain and dignity voiced through the remembrances of Dagmawi Yimer as he tells of unthinkable human suffering and denounces a desperate political situation.
Human occupation of this area dates back at least 13,250 years, and coincides with  one of the most dramatic periods of climate change in recent earth history, toward the end of the Ice Age, in the Late Pleistocene epoch.
This has an interesting consequence because treaties that limit or extend the powers of the Dutch government are automatically considered a part of their constitutional law, for example, the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Among other the features related to human activity there are peat islands on the Rybinsk reservoir, which were formed as a consequence of the erosion of the bottom of the reservoir.
Now, human resources focus on the people side of management.
Dorji Tshering () is a Bhutanese politician who has been Minister for Works and Human Settlement since November 2018.
May 6 – The first successful open heart surgery on a human utilizing a cardiopulmonary bypass pump ("heart-lung machine") is performed by John Gibbon at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia when he repairs an atrial septal defect in 18-year-old Cecilia Bavolek.
The European Union set a standard for acceptable human consumption (tolerable daily intake or TDI) of melamine at 0.2 mg per kilogram of body mass, (previously 0.5 mg/kg), Canada declared a limit of 0.35 mg/kg, and the US FDA's limit was put at 0.063 mg/kg (previously 0.63 mg/kg).
The potential problem with using this as an evaluation approach is that its highly controlled and stylized methodology may not be sufficiently responsive to the dynamically changing needs of most human service programs.
What ascetics proposes as the most natural method of imitation is the removal or at least the lessening of the contrast existing between our own lives and the lives of the saints, the perfecting, as far as is possible, of human virtues, with due regard to personal disposition and the surrounding circumstances of time and place.
 Rothstein draws parallels between Hubbard's teachings and the beliefs of UFO religions, citing similarities between thetans trapped in human bodies and the walk-in hypothesis of the Ashtar Command.
As part of a symbiotic relationship with their human hosts, the spores provide perfect health, including protection from Berthold rays.
One of Makoto's greatest strengths is his kind and friendly nature, allowing him to try and remain cheerful in the face of both human and yōkai threats.
In the archaeology of Yaeyama, human settlements prior to the conquest by Ryukyu are called "Suku Villages" because the names of these ruins have the suffix -suku.
Malzumder extends its financial, moral and legal supports without expecting anything in return to the people who were wronged or who are underprivileged through the violation of their human rights.
That is certainly true for the World Health Organization (WHO), the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
There are no controlled data in human pregnancy.
Semiotics and linguistics, like dialectics, reify the word: dialogue, instead of being a live event, a fruitful contact between human beings in a living, unfinalized context, becomes a sterile contact between abstracted things.
In Gesta Danorum Hotherus''' is a human hero of the Danish and Swedish royal lines.
 Deforestation, the deliberate clearance of woodland or forest for human development
Britta Holmström (1911–1992) was the founder of Individuell Människohjälp (IM), a human rights organization with activities in 12 countries.
The unification of human and nature is based on the philosophy of dependent origination where everything is related to each other, and the idea is developed into Hwaeom philosophy.
Related subfields are behavioral economics and human behavioral ecology.
Full-blooded Vulcan children repeatedly bullied Spock on their home world to incite the emotions of his human nature.
, Jim Bennett is the Director of Human Rights.
Universal Sufis strive to "realize and spread the knowledge of Unity, the religion of Love, and Wisdom, so that the biases and prejudices of faiths and beliefs may, of themselves, fall away, the human heart overflow with love, and all hatred caused by distinctions and differences be rooted out."
Royal Aeronautical Society Human Powered Flight Group 
Other writing has been published in the Transactions of the Institute of British Geographers, The Annals of the American Association of Geographers, Progress in Human Geography and Theoretical Criminology.
In doing so, it is able to catch any small flying insects that may have been disturbed by human activities such as walking or digging.
The main focus of these theoretical works lies on the interplay of cognitive and non-cognitive processes that preserve and create knowledge and images of the past, repetitive habitualized social practices and the socially shaped human body.
Center on Veterans Health and Human Services.
In closing, we welcome the opportunity to highlight this case to this august body so we, and as family of nations, can address the human rights violations and loss of lives to prevent a further loss of lives.
Uffie co-wrote the title track to Pink's Hurts 2B Human album.
According to a human rights report by Amnesty International, in the first month of the 21 April coup an estimated 8,000 people were arrested.
After both were rejected for not being a different-sex couple, they filed suit in court arguing that the refusal to recognise their marriage was discriminatory, unconstitutional and a violation of the American Convention on Human Rights.
Trinidad and Tobago has ratified a number of international treaties and conventions on human rights and parts or principles of these legal texts have been integrated into the domestic laws of the country.
The mainstream of accepted scientific opinion does not hold that subliminal perception has a powerful, enduring effect on human behaviour.
An end to the violation of indigenous human rights.
Through Henry's eyes, we see these women as heroic, but also deeply human.
The ACRM has a large collection of historical books, documents, and artifacts related to the history of computing, communications, and knowledge dating back to 1605, including original manuscripts by Francis Bacon and Rene Descartes and original copies of Newton's Principia & Opticks and Locke's Essay Concerning Human Understanding.
An update to “Clinal variation in the nuclear DNA of Europeans” By Chikhi, L., Destro-Bisol, G., Pascali, V., Baravelli V., Dobosz, M., Barbujani, G. Published in 1998 in Human Biology.
Robotics and telepresence is just one manifestation of his interest the boundary between human and automatic control.
The search for alternative forms of basic social organization aims to shape social institutions to be more hospitable and nurturing to the context-transcending nature of human beings.
The National Capital Planning Commission agrees and recommends amending "the Height Act to allow for human occupancy in existing and future penthouses, with restrictions."
(2019) Believers: Faith in Human Nature.
Zambia has also ratified the Protocol to the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights on the Rights of Women in Africa, also known as the Maputo Protocol.
Primate societies leading to human societies with language
Lubbock's thoughts about the nature and value of politics were deeply influenced by his scientific research, particularly his writings on early human society.
The district has 32 lakes, only one has been dammed for the purpose of human consumption, Patarqucha.
A limited war is one in which the belligerents do not expend all of the resources at their disposal, whether human, industrial, agricultural, military, natural, technological, or otherwise in a specific conflict.
This gives the human foot an 'everted' or relatively outward-facing appearance compared to that of other apes.
Using this information, SRW writes articles about these human rights violations that are then published by a number of various news agencies, including Global Security News, Jafria News, Rassd News Network (RNN), Islam Times, The News Tribe, AhlulBayt News Agency, and others.
Malachi Ritscher (Mark David Ritscher; January 13, 1954 – November 3, 2006) was an American musician, recording engineer, human rights activist, and anti-war protester.
Another passing narrative is Philip Roth's novel The Human Stain, where a light-skinned man passes in order to be able to join the army during World War II and goes on to live the rest of his life as a Jewish professor.
Politically, in order for human trafficking to "thrive the slave trade requires the direct or indirect involvement of national governments, at both the source and the destination."
He administered the program on Justice, Peace and Human Rights which evolved into an effective instrument for analysis, training and promoting vital concerns not only of Christians but of all groups in middle eastern society.
Seif was also detained for two days in 2011 on the third of February, the day known as "Battle of the Camel", when the security forces stormed Hisham Mubarak Law Center and arrested Seif and other human rights activists and Journalists.
The Human Enhancement Debate and Disability.
In 2003, Asper established a private charitable organization to build the CMHR, called the Friends of the Canadian Museum for Human Rights.
Wahl's parents are Adrien Wahl, a human resources director, and Georgette Meyer, a teacher.
They focus heavily on Kaczynski's position that technology seems to be corrupting, rather than advancing the human race.
Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes, 50:360-394, 1991
She audited the human resources and payroll systems of governments in Uttar Pradesh (India), Tanzania, Burkina Faso and Chile.
The Franz Cell apparatus consists of two chambers separated by a membrane of animal or human skin.
Former Senior Advisor to the Human Rights Commission of the Democratic Constituent Congress of Peru.
Tenure as Minister of state for Human Resource Development
Quick growth rate – Fast maturity rate compared to the human life span allows breeding intervention and makes the animal useful within an acceptable duration of caretaking.
According to Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch, this contributed to al-Mir's arrest at the end of the year.
June 3, 2020: Minnesota Governor Tim Walz announced that the Minnesota Human Rights Department will launch a probe into the "Minneapolis police policies and procedures over the past 10 years to determine whether the department has engaged in discriminatory practices toward people of color."
Deccan Herald also gave the series a positive review, adding "the biggest plus of the series is its portrayal of the police as being as human as anyone else.
Body odor and subconscious human sexual attraction
Consequently, Gelus himself died, since Shinigami exist only to take human life, not extend it.
2002: 《柴米新人类》" Chaimi New Human " as GIGI
Drawing on his own experience as an orphan, Luo describes the human condition of being lost and in search of one's true home and refuge.
Deane B. Judd and Kason S. Gibson, to define the human eye's response to color.
Less than two generations after Ovid's publication, Acts 14:11-12 relates the ecstatic reception given to Paul of Tarsus and Barnabas as they ministered in the city of Lystra: "The crowds shouted 'The gods have come down to us in human form!'
UNSPOKEN Human Rights Film 2011 - included to program -
The priority of Genome in a Bottle is authoritative characterization of human genomes for use in analytical validation and technology development, optimization, and demonstration.
In 1921 a human fossil, a skull, dubbed Kabwe 1, also "Broken Hill Man" or "Rhodesian Man" (classified as Homo rhodesiensis or Homo heidelbergensis) was found in the mine.
On 4 March 2021 in a speech to the Minsk City Bar Association, Čajčyc expressed support for the cruel treatment of participants in the 2020 political protests and urged advocates not to publicise violations of human rights by the Belarusian courts and to refrain from expressing political views.
 Jozef van Wissem—"Concerning the Beautiful Human Form After Death" from The Joy That Never Ends (2011)
He has been inducted as a Member of the Academic Committee of the National Board of Accreditation (NBA), an apex body of the Ministry of Human Resources Development (MHRD) of the Government of India, promoting international quality standards for technical education in India.
In The End of Evangelion, during the Human Instrumentality, he is terrified by the sight of so many Rei Ayanami.
However, due to human resource decisions, in 2014, she was forced to relinquish her roles as a children TV host after her contract was not renewed, ending her 32-year tenure.
HRF's mission is to "unite people in the common cause of defending human rights and promoting liberal democracy, to ensure that freedom is both preserved and promoted".
After a trial implementation with taxi drivers, several complications came up, mostly human misinterpretation, but in the future, investing more time into this solution and combining it with already existing solutions could provide a more effective solution.
Heartbeat () is a 2010 South Korean film about human organ trade.
Foege was involved in a wide variety of professional and voluntary human services and community activities.
In contrast, the surveys of analytical human survival models by Spiegelman and Benjamin do not mention de Moivre at all (in both cases, the surveys start with the work of Benjamin Gompertz).
The Orbital Piloted Assembly and Experiment Complex (OPSEK), was a proposed Russian space station, intended to support deep space human exploration missions to Mars, possibly the Moon, and Saturn.
The NCA gathered individual Zimbabwean citizens and civic organisations including labour movements, student and youth groups, women's groups, churches, business groups and human rights organisations.
The Constitution of Greece forbids proselytism, a blanket ban which  European Court of Human Rights has ruled to be incompatible with Article 9 in multiple influential cases, including Larissis and others v. Greece and Kokkinakis v. Greece.
Although their skin had turned to bark, they were able to speak with a human voice by rustling their leaves.
The Interamerican Court of Human Rights has pointed out the obligation to fully respect the right of children, adolescents and young people to be heard in all decisions that affect their lives, being not only a right in itself, but one that must be taken into account to interpret and enforce all their other rights.
Stewart is a former Chairman of the Bar Human Rights Commission (1994–98) and a former President of the Union Internationale des Avocats (2001–02).
Almost Human is an American science fiction/crime drama that aired from November 17, 2013, through March 3, 2014, on Fox.
In 2008 he testified before the United States Congress on the impact of the 2008 Olympic Games on human rights and the rule of law in China.
Osaka University of Human Sciences
He is also a drafting committee member and signatory of the Yogyakarta Principles plus 10, on the application of international human rights law in relation to sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression and sex characteristics.
He joined the CBC as Vice-President of Human Resources in 1985 and was appointed Senior Vice President in 1986.
They were joined by two associate members: Tatjana Ždanoka of For Human Rights in United Latvia (PCTVL) and László Tőkés, an independent MEP and former member of the Democratic Alliance of Hungarians in Romania (UMDR).
In the third episode, Oglas and Ogo find a human sized, Therizinosaur eating leaves.
Alan Gold, an Australian human rights activist, opined Neuer's speech was "a non-government organisation laying bare the mendacity and prejudice of a key UN body."
Human rights in the Isle of Man	
In preparing for such an expedition, important psychological, interpersonal, and psychiatric issues occurring in human spaceflight missions are under study by national space agencies and others.
Mowgli must leave his home in the jungle and go back to the human village because Shere Khan, a tiger, is now hunting him.
Quarks to Culture explores the rhythm within what Tyler Volk calls the "grand sequence," a series of levels of sizes and innovations building from elementary quanta to globalized human civilization.
 X tool kit for easy construction of human interfaces
The album is heavily influenced by British synthpop band The Human League, and it incorporates many themes from science fiction.
Kurier Wileński then submitted the case to the European Court of Human Rights.
In 1974, he became the Foundation Professor in the then Department of Human Movement, becoming Australia's first professor to specialize in sport and exercise science.
A qualified lawyer, in 2012 he and a group of other lawyers and human rights defenders  issued calls to maintain the independence of the Iranian Bar.
These awards are presented annually by The Christophers, a Christian organization founded in 1945 by the Maryknoll priest James Keller, to honor "books, movies and television specials that affirm the highest values of the human spirit".
The SSA was formed "to organize, unite, educate and serve students and student communities that promote the ideals of scientific and critical inquiry, democracy, secularism, and human based ethics".
Many of her pieces are of a humorous nature, reflecting on human life.
The story feels slightly overlong, but Devon and Chiamaka are dynamic and multifaceted, deeply human in the face of Aces’ treatment."
Captain Hook] 2011, Captain Hook - Human Design & Various - Set: 12 - Iboga Trance Classics
Thanks to his legacy, the Human race was able to reach the stars in the early 1900s.
In October, Central Washington Burned Area Emergency Response (BAER) assessed the burn area and requested $84,470 in funding to help with threats to human life, safety, property, and critical natural or cultural resources in the wake of the fire.
Macklin was associate professor of Histology and Embryology at University of Western Ontario, and later served as president of the American Society of Human Genetics.
Naidu also spoke out against the Fiji Human Rights Commission for supporting the coup.
Issues an opinion (permit) for the import into the Russian Federation and export from the Russian Federation of samples of human biological materials;
It is said to be the first story that details a human conflict with, and overall defeat by, an extraterrestrial race.
However, Keane states that the shift from representative to monitory democracy was the global awareness of the "dysfunctions and despotic potential of majority-rule democracy in representative form" in tandem with the development of human rights recognition.
[t]he tiny human is clearly a loathsome wretch at best – possibly so unpalatable that even a demon would not eat him – unworthy of release from the cycle of death and rebirth, the ultimate goal of Buddhist practice.
The term is used in human genetics in cases of hereditary traits in which the observed trait lies on the female sex chromosome, the X chromosome.
Positivism predicts observations, confirms the predictions, and states a law, thereupon applied to benefit human society.
The Commerce Department said Fiberhome was “complicit” in alleged human rights abuses involving Muslim minority groups in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region (XUAR) in northwest China.
 The Human Zero and Other Science-Fiction Masterpieces (with Roger Elwood) (1967)
The film explores the insane asylum with a tone and style of comedy before evolving into a darker tone which details human suffering and the role of faith.
One concept was  Magicverse, conducted through a special projects/moonshot division he initiated called IPL which produces strategic analysis, concept, visualization/simulation and leading edge prototypes which depict future use cases, experimental interface and compelling human experiences.
The color orange was used as a symbol used to protest against the human rights violations in China.
Body odour affects sexual attraction in a number of ways including through human biology, the menstrual cycle and fluctuating asymmetry.
 Under Section 1332 of the Affordable Care Act, a state may apply to the Secretary of Health and Human Services for a renewable "waiver for state innovation" provided that the state passes legislation implementing an alternative health care plan meeting certain criteria.
Gary Moore: Close As You Get (2007); Checkin' Up on My Baby / Hard TimesNasio Fontaine: Rise Up (2007): Universal CityGary Fletcher: Human Spirit (2007)
The bio-engineer Yuan-Cheng Fung, was regarded as the "Father of modern biomechanics" for pioneering the application of quantitative and analytical engineering principles to the study of the human body and disease.
Internationally, the TVPA set standards for other countries to follow to receive aid from the U.S. to fight human trafficking.
Turning to radio, in 1948 she appeared in an audio adaptation of Somerset Maugham's Of Human Bondage for NBC University Theatre and the following year she starred in their adaptation of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice.
All three stories focus their narrative in the human boy: after he suckles his mother's milk and develops great strength, he travels the world to find a place to make good use of his powers.
River engineering is a discipline of civil engineering which studies human intervention in the course, characteristics, or flow of a river with the intention of producing some defined benefit.
In Ghana, human rights organizations monitoring the practice of "trokosi" claim that shrine slaves often end up with an average of four children while in servitude, many of them by the priest or elders of the shrines.
Sattenspiel is known for her research into infectious diseases, their ecology, transmission, and effect on human populations.
Throughout the rest of the decade, Coe released a string of strong recordings, some of which, such as Human Emotions (1978) and Spectrum VII (1979), were concept albums with each side of the discs given their own theme.
It has been called a "hidden epidemic" and "arguably the most common parasitic disease of the human nervous system".
However, in 2007 a team of cognitive scientists at University of Virginia School of Medicine, led by Edward F. Kelly published a major empirical-theoretical work, Irreducible Mind, citing various empirical evidence that they think broadly corroborates Myer's conception of human self and its survival of bodily death.
The military is also notorious for numerous corruption incidents, such as accusation of human trafficking, and nepotism in promotion of high-ranking officers.
Smithsonian Intimate Guide to Human Origins.''
The development of public sector strategies for management and regulation of AI is deemed necessary at the local, national, and international levels and in a variety of fields, from public service management and accountability to law enforcement, healthcare (especially the concept of a Human Guarantee), the financial sector, robotics, autonomous vehicles, the military and national security, and international law.
Soon new subfields would emerge in human geography to contribute a new vocabulary for addressing these issues, most notably critical geography and feminist geography.
One of the goals for the school was to help students become competent “in relating constructively with a variety of human beings from different economic levels, religions, races, and nationalities.”
In his essays on human nature, he declared for the primacy of science and was relatively critical of the influence of religion.
Ganga who also relished the mortal act was cursed to be born as human and come back only after breaking Mahabhisha's heart.
The TMEV mouse virus shares a thirteen amino acid sequence (His-Cys-Leu-Gly-Lys-Trp-Leu-Gly-His-Pro-Asp-Lys-Phe) (PLP (proteolipid protein) 139-151 epitope) with that of a human myelin-specific epitope.
It examines the United Nations Development Programme's Multidimensional Poverty Index (that was released in August 2010) and its New Human Development Index (that was released in November 2010).
In 1976 Harris and his wife left England for the University of Pennsylvania, where he held the position of Harnwell Professor of Human Genetics.
Her later work examines place and the environment, as well as the roles of perception, sight and memory, and the construction of narrative in human understanding.
The chapter continues the presentation of memoir in the previous chapter with more observation on human efforts in life (related to the question in Ecclesiastes 1:3, the sufferings and the enjoyment of life in light of a divine dispensation.
miR-181a, miR-181b, miR-181c and miR-181d are activated by the human gene ERBB2, located on the chromosome 17.
The select committee received submissions in support of repeal from the Ministry of Justice, the Human Rights Commission, the New Zealand Council of Civil Liberties, and other organisations and individuals, and opposing repeal from a small number of individuals.
She became well-versed in international diplomacy and formalizing relationships as well as gaining interest in social, cultural, human, and environmental causes.
Israeli soldiers have also said Hamas operatives directly employed women and children as involuntary human shields to evade pursuit, while Hamas and others have said such accusations are false.
The protected area includes Řežabinecké pond itself, along with adjacent pools caused by the flooding of old medieval mining holes, and a significant archaeological site on neighboring Pikárna hill, where there was extensive human settlement in the Paleolithic and Mesolithic.
Although the doses employed in these studies were a multiple of those used in human beings.
Mutants are the evolutionary progeny of Homo sapiens, and are generally assumed to be the next stage in human evolution.
The story line about rich, ailing Americans paying Chinese gangsters for miracle cures appeared to be a ripped-from-the-headlines commentary on hot-button issues like human trafficking and illegal immigration, but the execution just seemed silly."
It is a measure of the condition of an environment relative to the requirements of one or more species, any human need or purpose.
He also fell in love with Catti-brie, Bruenor's adopted human daughter.
This, in turn, could be deemed as human trafficking.
Enorma timonensis is a Gram-positive, rod-shaped, non-endospore-forming and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Enorma which has been isolated from human feces.
This diverse, globally distributed family includes over 3,000 species in 124 genera, and is the most common arthropod found in human dwellings throughout the world.
2015 Christopher A. Walsh, Discovery of Genes and Mechanisms Regulating Human Cortical Development.
Hundreds of variants clustered in genomic loci and biological pathways affect human height.
Her book, Women, Power, and the Biology of Peace is an in-depth exploration of human gender differences with regard to aggression.
Human beings are affected by the food they consume because every food has its own innate virtues.
Marlo believed that human history could be divided into two periods.
Mayor Whoopi (played by Whoopi Goldberg) is Spencer's tour guide around Littleburg, and the only major human character in the series.
It was there, moreover, to continue recording human rights violations after the Chronicle was forced to cease activities in 1983.
The study did not include animal or human testing.
He is skilled enough to make the dolls almost perfectly resemble specific human beings when he has the right pieces of flesh.
India is involved in human resource development and capacity building efforts in Zimbabwe.
 Skilled (educated) dynasty in which individuals transfer sufficient resources from generation to generation so as to justify investment in human capital.
In 1694, Nicolaas Hartsoeker, in his Essai de Dioptrique concerning things large and small that could be seen with optical lenses, produced an image of a tiny human form curled up inside the sperm, which he referred to in the French as petit l'infant and le petit animal.
President of the American Society of Human Genetics (ASHG), 1967
Due to human hunting and interference the habitat for this bird is being put in danger and there has been a decline in the population of these birds!
There was a human habitation here during the Iron Age II time.
After Hero's helps rescue her Queen from the Wolf Clan, she and her fellow faeries assist Hero to reclaim Gateway City from the human Crusaders.
Along the way, there is love and lack of love, there are lessons to overcome and many mirrors of the intrinsic human evil.
Later in 1977 Steinhauer was approached by several First Nations and the Alberta Human Rights and Civil Liberties Association about the potential effects of the proposed Bill 29 Land Title Amendment Act and the potential effect of amendments on treaty rights in Northern Alberta.
Greece has blocked attempts by ethnic Macedonians to establish a Home of Macedonian Culture despite being convicted for a violation of freedom of association by the European Court of Human Rights.
From 2012 to 2017 he was a group leader at the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences in Leipzig.
Except for human enemies and the game's final opponent, the player can absorb all enemies' souls.
The United Nations human rights chief Navi Pillay voiced her disappointment at the re-criminalization of consensual same-sex relationships in India, calling it “a significant step backwards” for the country.
The Taste of Human Flesh
In addition to the human chain, a 100-ft banner, black fabric with white font that read "Implement Genuine Dual Universal Suffrage" (「實行真雙普選」) was hung over the Lion Rock cliff.
Stand Up Pouches are mostly used for human alimentation products, but also for pet food as well as beauty care products.
Frank is enraged that human trafficking is taking place in his port.
The Marquis de Condorcet had published his utopian vision of social progress and the perfectibility of man Esquisse d'un Tableau Historique des Progres de l'Espirit Humain (Sketch for a Historical Picture of the Progress of the Human Mind) in 1794.
Kinsey, Alfred C., et al., Sexual Behavior in the Human Female.
He saw the material factor as the most fundamental, initiating social development through human want and the exploitation of nature.
 PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human Regulation of nuclear pre-mRNA domain-containing protein 2 (KIAA0460)
Roger N. Walsh (born 1946) is an Australian professor of Psychiatry, Philosophy and Anthropology at the University of California, Irvine, in the Department of Psychiatry and Human Behavior, within UCI's College of Medicine.
National Human Right Commission convened a zonal workshop on fixation, revision and enforcement of minimum wage is Brick kiln industry.
Amina Masood Janjua, Memon's lawyer and a human rights activist for missing Pakistanis, said, Memon was in the custody of Pakistani intelligence officials.
In October 2008, the Australian Church Record and the Anglican Church League published The Lord's Supper in Human Hands.
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) () of Bangladesh is an autonomous public body.
HUMAN NATURE: Generosity and Its Form Akihisa HIRATA (2019-03-16 to 2019-06-23)
He was elected to membership in the General Assembly of the Inter-American Institute of Human Rights in 2011.
One critique concerns the irrelevance of human preferences for determining what is ecologically essential for the maintenance of life support systems.
Since 2013, the Human Rights Act has prohibited discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
Luc Besson stated later Michelle Yeoh "had perfected Suu Kyi's appearance and the nuances of her personality to such an extent that the lines between the real human being and the portrayed character blurred when they crossed in real life".
Waltner-Toews is best known for his initiatives to integrate human, animal, and ecosystem health in research, practice and teaching.
Their educational ideas are based on a notion that a human being is not born fully formed but is essentially formable, a notion inspired by Locke’s concept of the tabula rasa.
They refused to send delegates to meetings about human rights issues.
Texas State representative Todd Ames Hunter attended a screening at the Summit Church in Corpus Christi, saying that human trafficking "is a critical issue to the state of Texas that needs education and attention."
Aside from the horn on his head and wings on his back, he looks perfectly human but maintains his beetle traits, like walking on walls and flying.
Interviews with numerous Central American human rights activists point to Negroponte's alleged complicity in war crimes not only in his nation of diplomatic assignment, but also in neighboring El Salvador as a part of the Salvadoran Civil War and in Nicaragua as an aid to the Contras.
It was installed to crack the structure of the wheat genome, which is five times larger than the human genome.
The movie spends time showing the killer, a young man with a cold expression on his face, writing about his attacks and going through martial-arts routines in his barren loft that has human anatomy posters on the walls (the doctors from his earlier assaults note that the slashes to the women avoided any potentially lethal arteries or organ areas).
In the 21st century it is possible to find a map of virtually anything from the inner workings of the human body to the virtual worlds of cyberspace.
At the same time she continued her human rights activity and issued her critical materials in the republican media.
One illegal use by a member of the wrong race would thus render it incapable in law of being used by any race at all, thus removing it altogether from the awkward problem of human relations."
Decaying bodies of camels that have been trampled by their herd in their search for water near human settlements can cause further problems.
 PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human DNA polymerase alpha subunit B
Economics and Human Biology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier since 2003.
The human breast cancer susceptibility gene 2 (BRCA2) is employed in DNA repair.
Materials within human reach are wood, while detailing which is out of reach is made of synthetic materials that are more easy to maintain.
Archetypes are components of the collective unconscious and serve to organize, direct and inform human thought and behaviour.
Marco Ubaldo Diaz (voiced by Adam McArthur) is Star's best human friend, later becoming her boyfriend.
The final design concept was based on John Ruskin's social ideal that human happiness requires the mix of the head, heart and hand.
Davis, Bruce E. "Quality of Life in Small Island Nations in the Indian Ocean," Human Ecology, 14, No.
Not having a human donor heart available, James D. Hardy of the University of Mississippi Medical Center transplanted the heart of a chimpanzee into the chest of dying Boyd Rush in the early morning of Jan. 24, 1964.
It is also suggested that he is, on top of being human, a being of both angelic and demonic descent by another chaos lord: Mistress Hel.
Since 1993, he has been professor of human geography at the University of Sheffield.
It popularized the term global village, which refers to the idea that mass communication allows a village-like mindset to apply to the entire world; and Gutenberg Galaxy, which we may regard today to refer to the accumulated body of recorded works of human art and knowledge, especially books.
Human users should be able to understand the AI's cognition (both in real-time and after the fact), and should be able to determine when to trust the AI and when the AI should be distrusted.
 Human Construction (1989), Citicorp Plaza (Figueroa & 7th Streets), Lowell
Peña worked for the Human Resources Division of Wyndham International at Hotel El Conquistador in Fajardo.
Based on a survey LGBT sports enthusiasts and the support of several financial partners, the Montreal organizing committee decided to proceed to hold an athletic and cultural event, with a human rights conference, without the sanction of the FGG.
In 1998, CERD expressed concern about alleged "acts of discrimination against migrant workers on the basis of their national or ethnic origin", which the United Nations Human Rights Council also expressed concern about in 2010.
In 2013 he was elected a co-chair of the B20 Task Force "Job creation, employment and investment in human capital".
Robyn Dowling argued for inclusion of ecogovernmentality perspectives regarding identity formation in the field of human geography in her 2008 paper, which addressed a variety of issues, including climate change.
Human hands are a macroscopic analog of this.
Cowdery was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in June 2003; and an Officer of the Order in June 2019 in recognition of his distinguished service to the law, to the protection of human rights, to professional legal bodies, and to the community.
In the adjoining forest, the 'Vijlener bos', evidence of much earlier human activity in the area has been found.
 World Communism at the Crossroads: Military Ascendancy, Political Economy, and Human Welfare, 1980
Advantages would include decreased ability for resistance development compared to miticides and potential ease of application while drawbacks might include sensitivity of the plant to the conditions, feasibility of application, and human safety.
Tan concluded the review, "the over-the-top psychic CGI displays really got in the way of the bigger questions of how the first ever human clone should find his place in the world, without everyone trying to siphon his DNA for everlasting life."
In vitro, the Egfl7 protein inhibits human aortic smooth muscle cells migration stimulated by PDGF-BB but has no effects on cell proliferation, suggesting that Egfl7 plays a role in vessel maturation.
Along with creating 22 original cartoon characters and an original rock music soundtrack, Dylan put together an advisory board and forged alliances with the Department of Health and Human Services to develop a program that would motivate children by giving them “action steps” to reach their dreams.
He argued that human personality could be explained teleologically: parts of the individual's unconscious self ideally work to convert feelings of inferiority to superiority (or rather completeness).
There is no predicted signal peptide for the human protein.
Noting that the Myotis genus of bats don't appear to die from old age as such, Teeling commented "Studying wild bats in an ageing context may provide exciting new solutions to slow down the ageing process and ultimately extend human health-spans."
Nosgoth's gameplay focuses on melee Vampire characters against the ranged Human characters.
The processing stages of tanneries use thousands of liters of water for one hide or animal skin and release toxic liquid waste into the environment that can cause soil depletion and health issues related to the human skin, respiratory system and more.
The foundation is a platform for the research, creation and promotion of projects related to extending and creating new senses and perceptions by applying technology to the human body.
This human disturbance, if not combined with other degradation factors, could promote podzolisation; if managed properly (for example, by burying litter removed after its use in animal husbandry), even the repeated removal of forest biomass may not have negative effects on pedogenesis.
They sought to define and examine vedic injunctions as the source of Dharma, asserting that like the Vedas, Dharma is not of human origin.
Lillian Shirt (born Lillian Piché; March 2, 1940 – July 18, 2017) was a Cree women's rights activist from Saddle Lake Cree Nation in Treaty 6 Territory, Alberta, Canada who was known for her political initiative against the discrimination towards Indigenous women and their inadequate access to housing, employment, and human rights.
Similar human remains, Pleistocene animals and Paleo-Indian artifacts have been found in the general locale, consistent with these discoveries.
Although liver diseases transmissible among human populations were identified early in the history of medicine, the first known hepatitis with a viral etiological agent was Hepatitis A, in the picornaviridae family.
An overexertion injury can include sprains or strains, the stretching and tear of ligaments, tendons, or muscles caused by a load that exceeds the human ability to perform the work.
Despite the fact that President Khatami declared himself a supporter of free expression and human rights, he responded to Iranian Shirin Ebadi's Nobel Peace Prize by waiting several days and then tempering his congratulations by saying "The Nobel prize for peace is not that important, as it is usually bestowed on political considerations."
Díaz Bessone, as well as former Santa Fe Provincial police commissar Rubén Lofiego, were both given life sentences on grounds of human rights violations.
Finé is convinced that only pain can unite human hearts, and uses this as a reason for whenever she sexually abuses or tortures Chris for punishment or entertainment.
Byam is an imugi who desperately wants to ascend to dragonhood; however, because human perception interferes with the process of ascension, Byam is forced to devise an alternate plan, which has effects it could never have expected.
These include selected domestic decisions from the whole continent, as well as the decisions of the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights and the United Nations treaty bodies, dealing with African countries.
Such human traits, he argued, were not to be read back into the eternal Trinity.
Lacking Wally's human influence, the Flash simply reveled in his speed with no thought for the past - he even changed his costume, despite promising to keep it the way it was to honor the memory of Barry Allen - while Wally, lacking the Flash's haste, became increasingly lethargic, even missing dinner dates with his wife Linda.
Human rights groups have reported that China carries out the highest number of executions of any country.
Stewart (2010) defined kinanthropometry as "The academic discipline that involves the use of anthropometric measures in relation to other scientific parameters and/or thematic areas such as human movement, physiology or applied health sciences".
Nearby, she finds a shack that is filled with grisly trophies, such as human ears.
It is Stivers opinion that "The two sides talk past each other, insulated by opposing values and different assumptions regarding the efficacy of technology and the plasticity of human nature.
The lifespan of a human being can be seen to follow, by analogy, the same path as the seasons of the Earth, and in theosophy it is postulated that the same general process is equally applied to the lifespan of a planet, a solar system, a galaxy and to the universe itself.
These are social and economic human rights, which have just recently been included in development discourse.
the future of Kirkuk), promoting human rights (protecting minority's rights, prevention of violence against women prevention of violence against women) and institutional reform (Judiciary system, public prosecution, interior ministry and Ministry of Peshmarga).
soft drinks, flavors, toppings and combination meals), the Secretary of Health and Human Services will establish standards to account for these differences.
The figures carved on the rocks were made by direct percussion -very similar to chiseling- and they represent animals, human figures, frets, mazes, geometric shapes, heavenly bodies, and probably waves of the sea or aquatic symbols.
She spent the first 25 years of her career managing organizational change as a human resources professional in the private sector, joining Philips Electronics in 1970 and becoming Personnel Director of Unigate plc in 1980.
A human chain is a form of demonstration in which people link arms or hands as a show of political solidarity.
At the beginning of the series, Elena appears to be a regular human girl but is then revealed to be a Petrova doppelgänger, a supernatural being whose blood could be used for magical purposes.
Redevelopment has destroyed much of the evidence for early Ilford, but the oldest evidence for human occupation is the first- and second-century BC Iron Age earthwork known as Uphall Camp.
Treatment of migrants in host countries, both by governments, employers, and original population, is a topic of continual debate and criticism, and the violation of migrant human rights is an ongoing crisis.
The study was seen as laying "the foundation for human space activity over the next three decades."
In the storyline "Three", which concluded in Fantastic Four #587 (cover date March 2011, published January 26, 2011), the Human Torch appears to die stopping a horde of monsters from the other-dimensional Negative Zone.
About 98.5% of the oxygen in a sample of arterial blood in a healthy human breathing air at sea-level pressure is chemically combined with the hemoglobin.
Bio-wire is the first system combining electrical stimulation with geometry control of 3D tissue assembly to improve the electrical and ultra-structural properties of human cardiac tissue.
Part 3 is titled Need for Computer Participation in Formulative and Real-Time Thinking and begins by continuing from a preceding statement on the likelihood of data-processing machines improving human thinking and problem solving.
As a public speaker Mullan has addressed audiences throughout Ireland, Britain, Europe, Canada, Brazil, and the United States on justice, peace and human rights issues.
Richard Thomas Castro (1946 – April 13, 1991), an educational and civil rights activist, was director of Denver's Agency for Human Rights and Community Relations
in 2010, HAF issued a report on the caste system, asking Hindus to acknowledge that caste is not an intrinsic part of Hinduism even though it is a feature of the Hindu society and labeling caste-based discrimination as a major human rights problem.
As the process matured, the experimenter was able to replace human interventions, piece by piece, with newly created developed code (which, at each phase, was designed to accurately process all the inputs that were generated in preceding steps).
Enzo eventually plays a key role in Denny's child-custody battle with his in-laws and distills his observations of the human condition in the mantra "that which you manifest is before you."
 A Run Through The Past - History of running and the human marathon.
In the game's sequel, when Gabriel Belmont is forced into a confrontation with Zobek sheds his human form and takes on a more traditionalized appearance of Death (including wielding a large scythe).
Throughout her career, Amoah has published many articles analyzing Black Feminist Theory, racism and sexism in Pornography, and international human rights.
He presented In the Blood, a six-part TV series on human genetics first broadcast in 1996, see book of same name in bibliography.
WANEP emphasizes ownership and bottom-up approach to peacebuilding practice which enables the National Networks to carry out interventions that reflect the peculiarities of human security issues in their various countries.
As well as choosing local-band Amaral to record a version of the song in Spanish, Dylan's new version ended with a few spoken words about his "being proud to be a part of the mission to make water safe and clean for every human being living in this world."
Trent is the first fellow human encountered by Ridley, and quite possibly the only thing standing between Elsie and her fate at the hands of the shadowmen.
Logan, unfortunately, mutated into an Outcast, but Emmett was able to remain human thanks to his friend Sydney Cutter, who created a regulator to implant into Emmett’s spine to keep him from transforming into an Outcast.
The terms divinity and divine — uncapitalized, and lacking the definite article — are sometimes used as to denote 'god(s) or certain other beings and entities which fall short of absolute Godhood but lie outside the human realm.
Anthropologists react to Geiger with skepticism because, according to Geiger, they believe that culture is specific to living creatures and ethnography limited to human subjects.
“‘Give us a portion among our father's brothers’: The Daughters of Zelophehad, Land, and the Quest for Human Dignity.” Journal for the Study of the Old Testament, volume 37 (number 3) (March 2013): pages 319–37.
Her current research is to determine the 3-dimensional structures of human proteins of therapeutic relevance by structural proteomics.
2016 — Best Place to Work in Kentucky by the Kentucky Society for Human Resource Management and the Kentucky Chamber of Commerce.
The Kazakh Government, long characterised as authoritarian with a history of human rights abuses and suppression of political opposition, has started an initiative named the "Tourism Industry Development Plan 2020".
Despite the fact that it was a silent film, Adolf Hitler was reported to be affected by both the film and the novel, finding that the power of oratory could influence masses and change the course of human events.
Differential weathering on one side of the rock has created what is described as a stylized human face, and weathered markings on another face of the rock have been described as an inscription.
Soundtrack to Human Motion (Blue Note, 1999)
In 2013, Jungle Book Entertainment produced Faith Connections, a documentary set in the largest human gathering in the world, the Kumbh Mela.
Among the injured is Nabeel Rajab, a leading human rights activist.
Before Namibia's independence, the country's education system was designed to reinforce the Apartheid system rather than provide the necessary human resource base to promote equitable social and economic development.
It meets the criteria for this designation because its population has likely declined by 30% from 1994 to 2015, it is known from fewer than five locations, its extent of occurrence is , and its habitat is declining in extent and quality due to human activities and extreme weather.
It endeavours to create a civil society free of oppression, discrimination and violence; based on the rule of law, protection of human rights and dignity.
Many other empires are noted as being present in this setting, including the Human Republic (founded by a Terran colony caravan which was displaced from the Milky Way in -Y12).
While Veblen is from the Institutional school, the Behavioral school of economics is focused on studying the mechanisms of human decision-making and how they differ from neoclassical assumptions of rationality.
Prior to joining the Fault Lines team, Awad covered some of the Middle East and Africa's most important stories for Al Jazeera English's People and Power, including the rise of Islamism in Lebanon's Palestinian refugee camps, Iraq's forgotten refugees, and the underground world of Zimbabwean human trafficking.
At 10:41, the ignition for translunar injection started and within minutes, the astronauts not only exceeded the previous record distance from Earth of , set by the crew of Gemini XI on September 13, 1966, they reached the fastest speed ever attained by human beings, peaking at  to reach the escape velocity needed to leave Earth's gravitational well.
The human immune system is generally able to recognize and fight cancer cells.
}}The flagship publication series of the International Organization for Migration, the World Migration Report presents data and information on human migration together with analysis of complex and emerging migration issues.
There they saw 39 human skulls.
B. Ruby Rich of The Advocate wrote the film is "a jigsaw puzzle of the emotions in which sex spells out whole language of human behavior", and said the cast, including Kirshner and Don McKellar, "rivet our attention on these characters".
However, because medieval roads were generally so poor, carriages for human passengers were rare.
Marriage is not a purely human institution despite the many variations it may have undergone through the centuries in different cultures, social structures, and spiritual attitudes.
For a large part of its distribution Banksia ericifolia grows near areas of human habitation on Australia's eastern coastline.
Forstall's duties were divided among four other Apple executives: design SVP Jonathan Ive assumed leadership of Apple's Human Interface team, Craig Federighi became the new head of iOS software engineering, services chief Eddy Cue took over responsibilities for Maps and Siri, and Bob Mansfield (previously SVP of hardware engineering) "unretired" to oversee a new technology group.
They have also claimed independence is also justified under the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights Article 15.
In addition, alcoholic drinks such as wine, beer, and liquor, which contain the drug ethanol, have been part of human culture for more than 8,000 years.
 Junior fellowship from Government of India Human resources Department for research on Vaikkom Mohammed Basheer in English.
Unlike the Cullen family, he drinks human blood.
A 1999 study found that "the figures have grown much more muscular over time, with many contemporary figures far exceeding the muscularity of even the largest human bodybuilders" and that the changing cultural expectations reflected by those changes may contribute to body image disorders in both sexes.
Edward Francis Trevenen Brown QC (born January 1958) is an English barrister who specialises in international criminal law and human rights.
I'm sure there'll be other wars, other countries, other human beings you can knock off."
The egg hatched to give birth to a human being, creating a big bang.
It is now even less likely than before to put human rights first in regions like South East Asia, Central Asia and the Middle East.
Also notable was the work of some Continental Rationalist philosophers, especially Baruch Spinoza's (1632–1677) On the Improvement of the Understanding (1662) and Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz's (1646–1716) New Essays on Human Understanding (completed 1705, published 1765).
The resulting display is called an eye pattern because of its resemblance to the human eye for binary waves.
These endocrine disrupters are a large group of chemicals that enter into the aquatic environment through the manufacturing of various industrial and consumer products, agriculture and food/drug processing, waste water treatment plants and human wastes.
The mind-wiped Arthur was given to a human family to raise as their son, while another Arthur was reincarnated by "aTan" back on Terra because the machine assumed he died.
As with other Marcos family members who have stayed in the public eye since their return to the Philippines, Marcos has received significant criticism for instances of historical denialism, and his alleged trivializing of the human rights violations and economic plunder that took place during the Marcos administration, and of the role he played in the administration.
She is also a board member of Human Rights in China (HRIC), a member of the Asia-Democracy Forum and a spokeswoman of the Collectif Pékin J.O.
The main human activities at the site are recreation and tourism, and some agricultural practices such as livestock grazing.
Domestic service and sexual exploitation occurred sometimes as a result of human trafficking.
Such bogs can also preserve human hair and clothing, one of the most noteworthy examples being Egtved Girl, Denmark.
The PYO has been most actively involved with human rights issues surrounding the Pinpet Mining Project.
Nowadays, when a dead whale washes up on a beach, often the authorities are required to dispose of it as a potential hazard to human health, so the resource implications go the other way: a drift whale is no longer a benefit to a community, but an expensive disadvantage.
However, others, like Ibhawoh, point out that there still is a gap between regions, particularly as most of the international human rights movement organizations are located in the global North, and thus continuous concerns are raised about their understanding of the situations in the global South.
In October 2010, the U.S. government formally apologized and announced that the violation of human rights in that medical research was still to be condemned, regardless of how much time had passed.
In the RSI model, human beings have an innate need for a sense of order in self—to know who they are, their role in society, and who and what around them is important and meaningful.
The story takes place inside the human body, where trillions of anthropomorphic cells each do their job to keep the body healthy.
The area is described as the ‘Blue Heart’, spans more than 5000 hectares aimed to preserve the benefits of the natural ecosystem the wetland areas, whilst improving human and environmental health and working toward a zero net emissions target.
 Luke Sutherland – additional guitar ; violin ; human singing
HMOs are present in a concentration of 11.3 - 17.7 g/L (1.5 oz/gal - 2.36 oz/gal) in human milk, depending on lactation stages.
 Shahriar Kabir (born 1950), Bangladeshi journalist, filmmaker, human rights activist and author
 Haplogroup E3 (Y-DNA), a human Y-chromosome DNA haplogroup
In a battle with the Freedom Fighters Bizarro accidentally kills the Human Bomb, repeatedly hitting the hero to see the flashes of light that are produced from the kinetic energy of the blows.
Conservation medicine studies the relationship between human and animal health, and environmental conditions.
miR-205 also interacts with a specific target in the 3'-UTR sequence of MED1, which plays an important role in placental development, and silences MED1 expression in human trophoblasts exposed to hypoxia.
Amidst all the turmoil was a boy trying to make sense of his world, his body, and his place as a human being on Earth.
After the Zarzian, the focus of human occupation shifted from cave-sites, which continue to be used as secondary or seasonal occupation sites up to today, to open-air sites and it was in this period that the trend toward domestication of plants and animals set in.
The presence of clowns in the morality play makes people more receptive to the messages of proper social convention and encourages a crucial human trait: a keen sense of humor."
Nonylphenol has also been shown to affect cytokine signaling molecule secretions in the human placenta.
Jess and Van, both working in human trafficking, plan to perform a C-section on Jamie, who unsuccessfully tries to escape.
In N. J. Allen, H. Callan, R. Dunbar and W. James (eds), Early Human Kinship.
In a tribute to the power and human drama of Orellana's late 1960s works, a nightmarish 1967 piece was included in the major 2005 exhibition held in Turin titled "Il Male" that comprised works of leading artists from the quattrocento to the present.
The grain finds use as human food, and for making liquor, animal feed, or bio-based ethanol.
In 1886 the first fossil evidence of early human occupation in the area, the Talgai Skull, was found on Talgai Homestead, embedded in the wall of Dalrymple Creek.
Some researchers attribute the extinction of megafauna to the presence of Clovis hunting, along with significant human population increases which would have increased hunting intensity and frequency, around 13,000 years ago.
Ikeda began writing The Human Revolution on December 2, 1964.
It was reported in the 19th century that people digging new graves would find artifacts and older human remains.
It was likely the first human species to live in a hunter-gatherer society and to control fire.
As genomic research continues to investigate human genetic variation on a large scale, racial genetic discrimination remains a concern for many.
Ancient pathogen genomics is a scientific field related to the study of pathogen genomes recovered from ancient human, plant or animal remains.
Members of the European Parliament also proposed that sanctions must be used to respond to China's repressive actions against human rights and civil society in Hong Kong.
Although the pesticide DDT was banned over 20 years ago, studies have shown that there are still trace amounts found in certain agricultural products, as well as in human and animal milk.
Boynton reported these incidents to the Department of Human Services, and Betsy and her brother were removed from the home.
employed this method and showed that the redox states within three human breast cell lines (nonmotile, motile, and metastatic) were consistently different.
 Tommy Thompson, former governor of Wisconsin and former secretary of Health and Human Services
McFeely award presented by the International Management Council for "significant contribution to the field of management and human relations."
In February 2013, he was credited with the opening of the Chimbu Teachers College, the first tertiary institution in the province, as a means of developing human resources to support economic growth in what Kool described as a province "geographically rugged and unsuitable for any major economic development.
According to the Book of Genesis, Cain ( Qáyin, in pausa  Qā́yin;  Káïn; Ethiopian version: Qayen; , Qābīl) is the first child of Eve, the first murderer, and the third human being to fall under a curse.
On November 14, 2007, CJA client Dr. Juan Romagoza Arce and CJA Executive Director Pamela Merchant testified in the hearing, "No Safe Haven: Accountability for Human Rights Violators".
She is an campaigner for a peaceful and equitable world, a human rights and social justice advocate, and works to empower women and girls.
Charoen was a human rights defender and leader of the Love Bo Nok group who fought for over ten years until his death against coal-fired power, large-scale shrimp farming, and other environmental destruction in Prachuap Khiri Khan.
"AI might make an apparently sharp jump in intelligence purely as the result of anthropomorphism, the human tendency to think of 'village idiot' and 'Einstein' as the extreme ends of the intelligence scale, instead of nearly indistinguishable points on the scale of minds-in-general."
Besides, LCHR was a member of the International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights.
Furthermore, we can understand how the influence of this movement was to express the outline and the human face through shadowing and posture.
These can be any mixture of human or AI players.
However, human rights groups found that many RTL facilities have simply been renamed as prisons or rehabilitation centers, and that the use of extrajudicial imprisonment of dissidents and Falun Gong practitioners has continued.
The Softwire details the fictional account of human orphans condemned to slavery in an alien world.
The event was first brought to attention after a report was published by Human Rights Watch, which detailed accounts of rape and killings from survivors.
His adult life was a solitary one, with no family and no human dependents.
The first human inhabitants of the region were probably Gwich'in people who hunted and fished along the creek.
Human Body: Pushing the Limits is a four part television documentary series that premiered on the Discovery Channel on March 2, 2008 in North America.
The site includes a flat burial site near Saint Nicholas' Church, where human bones have been discovered.
In some extreme cases, slave were seen as factors of production without any agency rather than autonomous human beings.
Human Rights Watch criticized two journalists trial in the military courts in 2016.
It took until 2005 and DNA identification for many of the mass graves and human remains to be exhumed and cremated or buried, Azecuna's ashes were interred in the Plaza de Mayo itself.
As the ILO’s Committee on Freedom of Association put it, "the right conferred upon workers' and employers' organizations must be based on respect for those civil liberties which have been enunciated in particular in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the absence of these civil liberties removes all meaning from the concept of trade union rights.
 the continued use of human face motifs
The Glen Cinema disaster is considered one of the worst human disasters in Scotland's history.
A much-vaunted experimental vaccine for tuberculosis proves to be largely ineffective against the disease in human trials.
The first debates about the nature of human evolution arose between Thomas Henry Huxley and Richard Owen.
The coalition then existed as a loose arrangement until 2003 when the Annual General Meeting sitting at Human Rights Network Uganda (HURINET-U) took the decision to have it formally registered as an independent body.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, urged the Spanish government to prove all acts of violence that took place to prevent the referendum.
According to the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, medical surge capacity is "the ability to evaluate increased volume of patients .The requirements of surge may extend beyond direct patient care to include such tasks as extensive laboratory studies or epidemiological investigations.
used to be a noble from the Demon Realm, but she abandoned such a lavish life style and decided to live in the human world due to the influence of Lilica's father, Felchenerow.
Language permeates all of human life, including with artifacts.
The major threats to its survival are deforestation and human settlement.
Another literary account described this term as a birth defect that results from sexual relations between a human and a shapeshifter in animal form.
In Khan's view, the three fundamental principles of the liberation war of Bangladesh are equality, human dignity, and social justice.
It was meant as a demonstration of human technological achievement, rather than a real attempt to enter into a conversation with extraterrestrials.
In 2019, Kiss gave a TEDx talk on the importance of plants for a human mission to Mars.
A model used as human furniture may be nude or semi-nude to add to the erotic or aesthetic appeal.
The council of works and Great Scientists Human.
Due to the need for cells to be fed periodically with fresh medium and passaged, even testing a few conditions requires a large number of cells and supplies, expensive and bulky incubators, large fluid volumes (~0.1 – 2 mL per sample), and tedious human labour.
After releasing a novel entitled "The Human Experiment", he got his big break when "Bigfoot War" was released.
Near human habitation the main predator of the common blackbird is the domestic cat, with newly fledged young especially vulnerable.
He has remained engaged with direct practice in different areas of human service in different parts of the world.
For more information view the Human Trafficking Research and Measurement website.
Other research fields include theories of social justice, the welfare state, human rights, and feminist economics.
"We are very gravely concerned about the very serious breaches of human rights we have seen."
Battle follows Caesar as he leads the apes and their human subjects after a devastating war that destroyed much of the planet.
It asserts that most human trafficking victims are children, although the filmmakers have recognized the fact that millions of adults are also trafficked.
Amaya was a national deputy of the Legislative Assembly of El Salvador for three consecutive terms, from 1997 to 2009, joining the Justice and Human Rights Commission and the Electoral and Constitutional Reforms Commission.
Since this report took place shortly after the wars of the 20th century, Halman believes the response just received after the 900-year round trip contains instructions to destroy the human race, as a failed species.
Human rights violations happening in one part of the world would therefore affect everyone equally.
A  human chain of several thousands of citizens took place the next day along major streets in Downtown Toronto.
Because of the distribution of rods and cones in the human eye, people have good color vision near the fovea (where cones are) but not in the periphery (where the rods are).
She attended the University of Connecticut (1977–1981), attaining a bachelor's of science degree in business administration, and Rutgers University-New Brunswick (1983–1987), graduating at the top of her class (4.0 GPA) with a masters of science degree in human resources and industrial relations.
HuneX is a video game developer formed as a partnership between NEC Home Electronics, Ltd. and Human in 1992.
Iranian female human rights activist Bahareh Hedayat was arrested on 10 February 2020 by Tehran University security police.
 "Fountain (I Am Good)", a song by Mosaic MSC from the 2020 album Human
The mountaintop was not the sole site of human activity at Nevado de Acay; traces of mining and pastoral activity among others has been found lower on its slopes as well.
The EJF award-winning film and report White Gold, covering human rights abuses in the Uzbek cotton industry, was released in 2005, with a global campaign on “The True Costs of Cotton” in the following year.
He emphasized that the family is the "core and basis" of human society, and encouraged families to be guided by the example of the Holy Family.
The U.S. National Institute of Health (NIH), a subsidiary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that serves as the nation's medical research agency, has been funding Dr. Nikiforov's research since year 2000.
Kamu was fatally shot during a social function at St Joseph's College hall, Apia, celebrating the 20th anniversary of the ruling Human Rights Protection Party.
It sends its own reporters to investigate, document and compile reports of environmental and human rights abuses.
After his wife, Lily, dies at sea, Dolittle retreats from human society and only tends to animals.
Many researchers would argue that "performance appraisal is one of the most important processes in Human Resource Management".
Confucius highlights his fundamentally elitist, hierarchical model of relations by describing how the  relates to their follow human beings: {{quote|"The moral force of the  is like the wind, whereas the '''s is like the grass.
"There's no simple explanation for that scene, but basically, I was depicting a human situation where two people are moving closer and closer, yet their relationship isn't progressing at all...[Shiro resorts] to violence in an attempt to close that gap, only to find that was also useless.
Berlusconi has argued that the Severino law can not be used to expel persons convicted for crimes committed before December 2012, and pleaded for the proceedings to be postponed until the European Court of Human Rights or Italy's constitutional court had ruled, whether or not he was correct about his interpretation of the law.
George Elton Mayo: The Human Problems of an Industrial Civilization, Routledge, reprint edition 2003.
The 1st Annual Conference on Nanopolicy and the Human Future provided members of Congress and their staff, researchers, scientists, and others  with the latest nanotechnology developments in the ethical, legal and social arena.
He is known from his film appearances for playing the human leader Kolp in the fourth and fifth Planet of the Apes films.
Tuāulu, the original name of the Vailoatai village, was specifically set aside to prepare human sacrifices for Tuife'ai during his reign.
Withdrawal: EP2 and EP4 receptors regulate aromatase expression in human adipocytes and breast cancer cells: Evidence of a BRCA1 and p300 exchange.
The topics for these two-hour debates were agreed in advance, and by common consent, did not explicitly include human rights issues.
Subbuteo is the best-known brand of this sort of game, using tiny models of human players.
Philosopher Susanne Langer created the Symbol Theory which posits symbolism to be the central concern of philosophy because it underlies all human knowing and understanding (Littlejohn & Foss, p. 105).
Project Shield is an anti-distributed-denial-of-service (anti-DDoS) service that is offered by Jigsaw, a subsidiary of Google, to websites that have "media, elections, and human rights related content."
Nevertheless, it remains true that both human and mouse antibodies have different abilities to fix complement and to bind to Fc receptors.
Fogel L. J., Owens AJ, and Walsh, MJ "On the Evolution of Artificial Intelligence," Proceedings of the Fifth National Symposium on Human Factors in Electronics, IEEE, San Diego, May 5–6, 1964, pages 63–76.
The signal is generated either by a human analyst or an automated Forex robot supplied to a subscriber of the forex signal service.
 Sebastián Herrera Carrera, Human Resources manager;
The aliens do not want this and thereby enslave Ramón using highly advanced technology, deciding that since he is human, he can be used to track down and find the other intruder.
A minion of Daniel and Marty, Khrone believes their "infallible" projections that the Ithaca contains something or someone important to them, the necessary fulcrum to influence the final battle against the human race.
The game was divided into two modes of play; Online Matches against human opponents through an internet connection, and Missions against computer opponents.
On playing Cameron, Glau said she was "intimidated" by the role because it was a challenge for her to balance the human and robot characteristics.
But in the Left Behind novels, the darkness of that human, satanic violence is once again attributed to God".
The Elephant Man - Attorney Barry argues in court that "the Elephant Man was a human being...
Philosopher David Chalmers has argued that the third person approach to uncovering mind and consciousness is not effective, such as looking into other's brains or observing human conduct, but that a first person approach is necessary.
Freedom of education is a constitutional (legal) concept that has been included in the European Convention on Human Rights, Protocol 1, Article 2, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights Article 13 and several national constitutions, e.g.
While carrying out anthropological field research in the 1940s in a small community in the southwestern United States, Wolff initially discovered, and began to articulate and to advocate, a new qualitative methodological approach for the study of human society.
Ian Charles Burden (born 24 December 1957) is an English musician who played keyboards and bass guitar with The Human League, initially as a session musician, and later full-time, between 1981 and 1987.
 2007: Agents for Human Interaction, Royal Academy of Arts and WAN (GB)
The swan maiden is a mythical creature who shapeshifts from human form to swan form.
The contest of strength is not only a contest of military and economic power, but also a contest of human power and morale".
Though there was much diversity among them, the Edwardsian Calvinists commonly rejected what they called "Old Calvinism" in light of their understandings of God, the human person, and the Bible.
Some currents of green politics place automobile and agribusiness subsidies in this category, as they may harm human health.
The event was organized by the National Organization for Marriage and its sponsors included: Concerned Women for America, The Family Leader, The Heritage Foundation, Human Life International, and the Family Research Council.
The promoter GXP_38326 has the highest number of encoded transcripts which spans on position 35115811 to 35116911 on the negative strand of human chromosome 9.
After being accused of human rights violations by the United Nations, Pinochet announced a national vote to confirm support for his policies.
The Conseil d'État decided that a public authority could use gross infringement on human dignity as a motive of public order to cancel a spectacle, and that dwarf-tossing constituted such a gross infringement.
Her research has given her a cold view toward human life.
Yuri Kochiyama (May 19, 1921 – June 1, 2014) was a Japanese-American political activist who advocated for social justice and human rights movements, specifically during the Civil Rights Era.
In human anatomy, the inferior mesenteric artery, often abbreviated as IMA, is the third main branch of the abdominal aorta and arises at the level of L3, supplying the large intestine from the distal transverse colon to the upper part of the anal canal.
Our dream is that this book will reveal to our readers that mathematics is not alien and remote but just a very human exploration of the patterns of the world, one which thrives on play and surprise and beauty - Indra's Pearls p viii.
Successive changes in and around Manila Bay are largely due to the intertwining impacts of continued industrialization, unrelenting increase in population, and incessant human activities catering to livelihood and habitation.
He is, in modern parlance, the ideology-whether religious, philosophical, or political-which 'gives breath to' any human social structure organized independently of God."
In May 2009, Roubideaux was confirmed as the Director of the Indian Health Service (IHS), an agency within the Department of Health and Human Services.
Eritrea is a one-party state in which national legislative elections have been repeatedly postponed, and its human rights record is considered among the worst in the world.
Abdel Rahman of the Britain-based Syrian Observatory For Human Rights said on 31 July that Syrian security forces launched an offensive at 5:00 am (0200 GMT) on Muadhamiya, to the north, then encircled Hama shortly afterwards.
In Hard Luck, Gramma dresses Sweetie up like a little human.
Keeping looked for a deeper significance and philosophy in the stories, finding links to the Bible and other stories from other cultures and religions, and "some basic human passions."
A damned human "in damnation" is said to be either in Hell, or living in a state wherein they are divorced from Heaven and/or in a state of disgrace from God's favor.
Malcolm X, a one-time Black Muslim minister who late in his shortened life rejected that philosophy and became an adherent of the Sunni Islam branch of Islam, public speaker, and human rights activist, taught himself about subjects from genetics to sociology to philosophy.
Human milk was thought to transmit character traits as well; in 19th century France a law was proposed to ban disreputable mothers from nursing their own children so that their immoral traits would not be transmitted via their milk.
Or, put another way, our nightmares given human (more or less) form.
In the show, Knome helped describe how the interpretation of human genomes is helping to solve medical mysteries and revolutionize personal healthcare.
Experimental psychopathology is a behavior therapy area in which animal models are developed to simulate human pathology.
Of these methods, the comfort mode is considered to be the most accurate representation of the actual heat distribution across the human body, while the heat flux mode is primarily used in high temperature settings (when room temperatures are likely to be above 34 °C).
In the review, Posner argues that Wise's approach, using the cognitive ability of animals compared to that of very young normal human beings as a basis for rights-worthiness, is arbitrary and in contrast with major traditional and contemporary philosophies (including the theology of Thomas Aquinas for one and utilitarianism for another).
Micrococci have been isolated from human skin, animal and dairy products, and beer.
In Roman Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy, while human beings are not ontologically identical with the Creator, they are nonetheless capable with uniting with his Divine Nature via theosis, and especially, through the devout reception of the Holy Eucharist.
In some period of human history, in some societies, premarital sex has been considered a moral issue which is taboo in many cultures and it is also considered a sin by a number of religions, but since the sexual revolution of the 1960s, it has become accepted by certain liberal movements, especially in Western countries.
 Medicines (Products for Human Use — Fees) Regulations 1995 (S.I.
The film explores themes of human relationships and mental illness.
Donne's themes are explained through unusual metaphors turning the strangest idea into the depiction of the human experience.
Removing the belt, he said, made him transform back to his human form.
This is the basis of all historic fermentation processes in human culture that were utilized for the production of beer, wine, bread and silage, amongst others.
DeepMind released a version of AlphaGo Master in December 2017 that serves as a teaching tool analyzing the win rates of 6,000 Go openings from 230,000 human games.
In each of his compositions he proposes "the blending of traditional and local cultures into a new world culture that represent human beings as free individuals".
After clearing out the area to spend the night, the group observes that the people were not killed by walkers, but execution-style by human pillagers, in what was likely intended to be foreshadowing of The Governor.
Like black people and white people, it is a term for race based  on human skin color.
It is carried on octagonal piers, and has 19th-century carved human heads.
The studying, analyzing and decision forwarding processes of the experience of the European Court and the materials of the European Convention on Human Rights have already finished.
Black Carbon is released into the air from incomplete combustion of carbonaceous fluids contributing to global climate change and human health effects.
Later evidence indicates that widespread human settlements appeared in Chuuk during the 14th century AD.
Despite being a slaveowner, Alleyne publicly voiced opinions unpopular to the planter class at that time, declaring in the House of Assembly that he disapproved of the system of slavery, "an unhappy sight which leaves an immense debt upon us to clear the obligation of human nature".
Human economic activity has so far undergone at least two fundamental transformations, as the leading sector has changed:
The Korean Association of Bereaved Families for Democracy (KABFD; Korean: cheonguk minjuhwa undong yukajok hyeopeuihwe) is a South Korean human rights organization formed by surviving family members of those who died in the nation's democracy movement.
As Ambassador and Deputy Permanent Representative, his areas of responsibility included disarmament and international security, peacekeeping, peacebuilding, human rights, Security Council reform, WMDs, sanctions regimes including and monitoring of Sierra Leone's diamond certification system aimed at ending the trade in conflict or so-called 'blood diamonds'.
13C MRSs have been crucial in recognizing that the awake nonstimulated (resting) human brain is highly active using 70%–80% of its energy for glucose oxidation to support signaling within cortical networks which is suggested to be necessary for consciousness.
She has a degree from the Central St. Martins College of Art and Design, but also studied at the Paris Institute of Political Studies (1986-1990) and earned M.A in philosophy at the Sorbonne University over the theme: A Human Screen - an inevitable political ethics.
In 1956 he was appointed Professor of Human Metabolism at UCH.
There are nine known human herpesviruses.
The religious rites during the Opet Festival re-established and confirmed the Pharaoh’s possession of the royal Ka, the representation of the human soul’s lifeforce.
Cathars believed human spirits were the sexless spirits of angels trapped in the material realm of the evil god, destined to be reincarnated until they achieved salvation through the consolamentum, a form of baptism performed when death is imminent, when they would return to the good God.
Autopilots on conventional planes could be "trained" and tuned by human pilots in flight; rocket designers had to find an alternative "training" technology.
Few remains of the Late Bronze Age (1550 – 1200 BCE) were discovered, leading Kaplan to assume that the human settlement in the site was insignificant back then.
A power failure renders the experiment's human head unusable, so Millar decapitates Travis and attaches his head to the creature.
California receives a majority of rainfall in the winter and spring months and supplies the streams with enough water, but the challenge lies in the summer and fall months where water is being used for human use.
 Repatriation and reburial of human remains
Adding that these were "cowardly actions carried out by those with no regard for human life" and that such acts "are designed to undermine the efforts of democratic governments and the international community to bring peace and stability to the region".
Some of the common human malformations are also seen in mice with mutated SoxC, such as cleft palate or heart outflow tract malformation.
Together, the section covers basic human rights (Article 4), the rights of the family (Articles 5 and 6), education (Articles 7–17), religion and the churches (Articles 18–23), work, the economy and the environment (Articles 24–29).
The fighter jets become interchangeable with the characters, a comic anthropomorphism where "the planes enjoy a more active sex life than the human beings".
Those who violated human rights and followed the criteria did receive it.
 March 3 – The New York Post publishes an article about David Rorvik's book The Cloning of Man, about a supposed cloning of a human being.
In the 2000s, Stephenson and Kate Alexander Daniels launched the public relations firm Daniels Stephenson, which handled film publicity and produced the Toronto Film Critics Association Awards, and cofounded the Human Rights Watch International Film Festival with Brenda Dinnick.
Joya said the vote was a "political conspiracy" and that she had been told Article 70 was written specifically for her saying "since I've started my struggle for human rights in Afghanistan, for women's rights, these criminals, these drug smugglers, they've stood against me from the first time I raised my voice at the Loya Jirga."
into the physiology and pathophysiology of the human kidney.
The DRC has an abundance of natural resources, such as minerals, human capital, water and livestock.
It has also been applied to an "intensifying campaign" against human rights organisations in Israel by the government of Benjamin Netanyahu.
Human betaherpesvirus 6B (HHV-6B) is a species of virus in the genus Roseolovirus, subfamily Betaherpesvirinae, family Herpesviridae, and order Herpesvirales.
The Human Fly, with issue #19, is cancelled by Marvel.
Nestor believed in the importance of human choices and proposed to change Achilles' mind by offering many gifts.
At the Niagara-on-the-Lake conference of the Canadian Association of Statutory Human Rights Agencies in June 2008, Wahida C. Valiante, national vice-president of the Canadian Islamic Congress, compared Mark Steyn to James Keegstra, an Alberta high school teacher who taught and tested his students on how Jews "created the Holocaust to gain sympathy.
The events also call for deeper study into the effects of volcanic activity on human cultural development.
For Bakhtin, "carnival" (the totality of popular festivities, rituals and other carnival forms) is deeply rooted in the human psyche on both the collective and individual level.
Amnesty International believes the document "violates international and European human rights standards", citing the clauses on fetal protection, marriage and life imprisonment, and sexual orientation not being covered in the anti-discrimination clause.
In late 2019, Stand with Hong Kong hosted a seminar in Japan displaying the tear gas shells and rubber bullets used by the HK Police Force in order to push for a Japanese version of the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act.
The emerging human attachments provide an emotional center and a source of serenity to offset the rampage of the protagonist's mind and tame the lavish disarray of urban imagery.
These included coins, shards of pottery, jewelry, a bronze statuette of a dog, and even human remains.
Though the coalition's NGO-driven human rights effort for Cuba initially struggled to gain traction in the UNHRC, their influence gradually grew, especially as key groups secured Consultative Status which significantly expanded their resources and exposure there.
The author was Edwin C. Hill, then a journalist, who would become a prominent radio broadcaster, best remembered for a show called The Human Side of the News.
These may take the form of human artefacts, or palaeoecological and geochemical records.
Verzio International Human Rights Documentary Film Festival
Exploring trauma, memories, and testimonies of the experiences of Holocaust survivors, human rights, international relations, Jewish life, Judaism, and Jewish identity in the post-Holocaust world are also covered in this type of research.
Joydeb and pisi (Arpita Baker) transform into good human beings and the misunderstanding ends finally.
The book is said to be the latest information with resources in understanding the origin of human pathogens and disease emergence from a One Health paradigm.
Daniel told the press he thought Landis and his colleagues had been "unfairly sent to trial for what is obviously a human catastrophe, not a criminal act."
"Food consumption and subsistence in three Caboclo populations on Marajo Island, Amazonia, Brazil," Human Ecology, 27(3), 455–475.
In an attempt to harmonize the varied penal codes on the subject of human trafficking, the government passed a new anti-trafficking law in 2012 that criminalized all participants in the act of trafficking (including consumers) and unified local laws.
He said that the CIA had "commit[ed] systematic crimes and gross violations of international human rights law."
Without further explanation, Kerrigan appears in the background, out of focus, in her human form and ghost armour.
The Boxers and Dong Fuxiang's army worked together in the joint ambush with the Boxers relentlessly assaulting the Allies head on with human wave attacks displaying "no fear of death" and engaging the Allies in melee combat and putting the Allied troops under severe mental stress by mimicking vigorous gunfire with firecrackers.
He is a senior research scientist at the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition, engaged in planning robotic and astronaut expeditions to deep space and the near-Earth asteroids.
With the help of a black spiked nerplex, Lizzie transforms into a hideous monster from "Veenox 7," kills the guards, spits out the nerplex and turns back into a human.
The poems contained in this collection, were inspired by the relatively mild season that prevails in Kolkata following the season of festivities, the Durga and Kali Puja, and portray myriad shades of human life.
Wylde and his girlfriend, fellow porn star Lily Labeau, contributed a film of themselves having sex to the website MakeLoveNotPorn, which aims to "provide more realistic information about human sexuality than that provided by hardcore pornography".
Baumrind's criticisms of the treatment of human participants in Milgram's studies stimulated a thorough revision of the ethical standards of psychological research.
New York: Human Rights Watch, 1995 
They believe that such authors have a lesson to teach legal scholars and lawyers alike about the human condition, and the law's effect on it.
The court ruled that Switzerland violated Nada's human rights by restricting his cross-border movements after the United States put Nada on a blacklist on suspicion of financing terrorism.
Lindow Man's official name is Lindow II, as there are other finds from the area: Lindow I (Lindow Woman) refers to a human skull, Lindow III to a "fragmented headless body", and Lindow IV to the upper thigh of an adult male, possibly that of Lindow Man.
While there, she founded Princeton's ethics center, the University Center for Human Values.
Among its objectives, IBKA promotes rationalism and pursues the establishment of human rights and scientific freedom, as well as the separation of Church and State.
These aliens, dubbed "Sarvants" by the human scientists who discover them, feel threatened by our incursions into space the way men would be threatened by an invasion of crabs, and retaliate by capturing men, keeping them in a space zoo and studying them.
United Nations Human Rights - Office of the High Commissioner - OHCHR (http://www.ohchr.org/EN/Pages/Home.aspx) 
Young then became an OSCE Human Rights officer working with refugees and potential witnesses near the Macedonia/Kosovo border, and in Skopje.
A traditional human year is measured by the sun's northern (uttarayana) and southern (dakshinayana) movements in the sky, where the new year commences only when the sun returns to the same starting point and a pause on the commencement otherwise.
The moves were chosen by computer and indicated to the chicken by a light invisible to the human player.
Enhanze: Uses recombinant human hyaluronidase to degrade HA and aids in the absorption and dispersion of co-administered injected drugs.
Although there are no major human studies of prednisolone use in pregnant women, studies in several animals show that it may cause birth defects including increase cleft palate.
The 1940s saw a heightened consciousness of the role of women in society; and the 1950s the birth of numerous women’s rights organizations, among which Rah-e Now (New Path) founded by Mehrangiz Dowlatshahi in 1955, and Women’s League of Supporters of the Declaration of Human Rights founded by Safieh Firouz in 1956.
In 1997, Lutz created Muscle Suit (1997) for David Byrne's "Feelings" concert tour, a costume whose entire surface displayed an anatomical illustration of human musculature.
The education tax, imposed  after the 1972 Moscow summit of superpower leaders Richard Nixon and Leonid Brezhnev, emboldened those who criticized the Nixon administration's policy of detente for downplaying concerns for human rights.
NIAC Action's expressed advocacy goals are "to strengthen U.S. diplomacy with Iran to advance peace and human rights, promote greater openings between the American and the Iranian people, protect civil rights and opportunities for Iranian Americans at home, and support candidates who represent the Iranian American community's values."
They believed that Asia was the "mother of continents" and the rising of the Himalayas and Tibet and subsequent drying of the region forced human ancestors to become terrestrial and bipedal.
She notes that this has had disastrous effects on the lives of women and the valuation of the female perspective and consequently the history of Christian theology has missed opportunities for opening new understandings of what it means to be human.
In theory, a robot can be added anywhere a human participant can be involved.
The expression of WDR12 in the rat heart and the human heart was studied using WDR12 gene delivery to examine the direct functional and structural effects of WDR12 on cardiac maladaptive remodeling, in particular the left ventricle.
Duke University: Center for the Study of Aging and Human Development.
Some protesters waved the flag of the United States in support of the prospective introduction of the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act, a bill proposed by the US Congress.
During the Middle Palaeolithic Era, there is the first definitive evidence of human use of fire.
This can include: restoration of liberty, enjoyment of human rights, identity, family life and citizenship, return of one's place of residence, restoration of employment, and return of property.
It's therefore imperative that the European Union and the United States place even greater emphasis on human rights issues in the region."
Prior to coming to Johns Hopkins, Fanzo was an assistant professor of Nutrition in the Institute of Human Nutrition and Department of Pediatrics at Columbia University.
In terms of human loss the quake was the worst to occur in Iranian history.
Using this data her studies have come to conclusions about how human activities and environmental responses interact to explain how the climate changes.
The offerings were believed to be carried by Agni to the gods, the gods in return were expected to grant boons and benedictions, and thus the ritual served as a means of spiritual exchange between gods and human beings.
(Similarly, dogs, which are wolves who through a long process were domesticated, lick the faces of their human owners.)
 Leroy Hood (Lemelson–MIT Prize) for his invention of four devices that have helped unlock the human genome, including the automated DNA sequencer.
Khonsari's subsequent titles, also lauded as innovative breakthroughs that reframe the human experience, include HERO (site specific multi-sensory VR experience of civilian warfare in Syria) premiered at Sundance and Tribeca Film Festival winning the Storyscape Award for Best Immersive, Blindfold premiering at Sheffield, Fire Escape Tribeca Film Festival––and currently Who is Michael Sterling?
A 2009 Human Rights Watch Report cited the French government for alleged abusive police treatment and the forced removal of unaccompanied minors from Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport.
This organization works to promote Somali Sign Language, deaf education, and human rights.
Speaking to the Meridian Star after the passage of the bill, Young said:I, as an individual, might disagree from a personal standpoint with certain protections of human rights.
She writes and researches about human rights and their effects on foreign policy.
She also spent a year covering the aftermath of Yugoslavia's disintegration, monitoring human rights violations in Bosnia Herzegovina.
In 2008, the Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances of the United Nation's Human Rights Council criticised the continuation of forced disappearances in Colombia.
The Aztecs understood this duration to be an estimate of an adult life, a perception of time duration as it relates to human life duration.
Human Frailty fan website on "Throw Your Arms Around Me"
Douglas Engelbart originally coined the term "Network Improvement Community" in relation to his work in the software and engineering field as network of human and technical resources to enable the community to get better at getting better.
August 2016, Euro-Mediterranean Human Rights Monitor warned from the illicit spreading of weapons among Libyan population.
eds., Crime, Social Control and Human Rights, Cullompton: Willan Publishing, 2007
On 20 July, two United Nations officials called for the Belgian government to grant temporary residence permits, with UN special rapporteur on human rights and extreme poverty Olivier De Schutter stating that "the information we have received is alarming and several of the hunger strikers are between life and death."
He is an Orangutan who leads the other jungle primates and attempts to gain knowledge of fire from Mowgli to become more human.
Bärlach is skeptical, relying instead on his deep knowledge of human motives, born of lifelong experience.
In geography and ecology, anthropization is the conversion of open spaces, landscapes, and natural environments by human action.
Further research shows that an untidy environment can negatively impact many aspects of human health—such as mood and stress levels, memory capabilities, and even the ability to process other people's facial expressions.
In 2014, mobile providers began sending out text messages across Uzbekistan warning the public against human trafficking.
 Mexico:  Challenges to Economic Development; Security and Combating Organized Crime; and Migration and Human Rights
The sole trustee and registered proprietor of the Highgate Park site is South Australian Minister for Human Services, Michelle Lensink.
Amnesty concluded that the use of force by police against the largely peaceful protest was unnecessary and excessive and that police had "violated international human rights law and standards."
Team Human is set in the town of New Whitby, Maine, the origin of America's compact with vampires and a place that sees them living side-by-side in relative harmony.
This approach was adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, in which she participated.
Medieval Bioarchaeology is the study of human remains recovered from medieval archaeological sites.
Indeed, he subscribed to a version of conjectural history that placed industrial society as the culmination of human development (and shared this view with Herschel).
In the first two episodes of the show's fourth season, Kes leaves the ship in the wake of an extreme transformation of her mental abilities, while Seven of Nine (known colloquially as Seven), a Borg drone who was assimilated as a six-year-old human girl, is liberated from the collective and joins the Voyager crew.
The band consists of Chris Catalyst (also of The Sisters of Mercy and The God Damn Whores) on lead vocals & guitar, Davros (aka Dave) on guitar & backing vocals, Pete Human on bass guitar & backing vocals and Wayne Insane on drums.
As Marina Vishmidt suggests: "Neurath's pictograms owe much to the Modernist belief that reality may be modified by being codified – standardised, easy-to-grasp templates as a revolution in human affairs.
Reign in Blood's lyrics include death, anti-religion, insanity, and murder, while the lead track "Angel of Death" details human experiments conducted at the Auschwitz concentration camp by Josef Mengele, who was dubbed "the Angel of death" by inmates.
 Lawyer and human rights activist Stanislav Markelov murdered in Moscow World Socialist Web Site
Aside from many original inventions, the Chinese were also early original pioneers in the discovery of natural phenomena which can be found in the human body, the environment of the world, and the immediate Solar System.
It was organised by linguists Dominique Estival, Jane Simpson, Rachel Nordlinger and Jean Mulder, and was supported by the Human Communication Science Network (HCSNet), the Australasian Language Technology Association (ALTA), the Australian Linguistic Society (ALS), and the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO).
HLA-NET is a network targeted to the study of Human leukocyte antigen (HLA) from a populational point of view.
The office of Human Rights Defender, or Ombudsman, of Armenia was created by law in October 2003.
In contrast, nests on manmade gypsum plaster are typically found in high places in buildings, where these nests are highly protected from not only human interference, but also weather and direct solar irradiation.
'Peace through Tourism' edited by Blanchard and Higgins-Desbiolles contains a chapter on the charity's record putting human rights on the tourism agenda.
The Archives are also the repository for the instruments of ratification of the Council of Europe's international treaties, of which the best known is the European Convention on Human Rights
The themes of their lyrics fall into two broad categories - Teaching about Christianity, and teaching about human behavior.
Small craters of special interest (for example, visited by lunar missions) receive human first names (Robert, José, Louise etc.).
Cross-hatching done in ochre on a stone fragment found at Blombos Cave is believed to be the earliest known drawing done by a human in the world.
Inspired in part by the French classics, particularly the writings of Emile Zola, Guy de Maupassant, Honoré de Balzac and Alexandre Dumas, she cleverly transposes the French Human Comedy to characters from Haiti, mastering the art of developing interaction between individuals from varied backgrounds who begin to share their lives.
He is an expert in Tibetan law and international human rights law.
The daily stretches can be up to 200 kilometres long, and can be strewn with significant natural and human obstacles, ranging from densely packed urban sprawl to monsoon rains to uncooperative cows on the roadways.
Another cable states that Prabowo had been implicated in serious human rights abuses that took place in Indonesia and East Timor.
All other means to prevent tiger attacks, such as providing the tigers with more prey by releasing captive bred pigs to the reserve's buffer zones, or placing electrified human dummies to teach tigers to associate attacking people with electric shock, did not work as well and tiger attacks continue.
Cale meets Rita Carter, a human woman; he falls in love with her, and they marry.
In the anime, Yoriko jumps out of Misaki's window to see the world in her place, and is transformed into a human maid resembling Misaki with cat ears.
If thrown correctly, the changeup will confuse the batter because the human eye cannot discern that the ball is coming significantly slower until it is around 30 feet from the plate.
Alpha toxin binds GPI-anchored cell surface receptors including the human folate receptor (hFR) as well as the neuronal molecules contactin and Thy-1 (CD90).
David Parkinson of Radio Times gave the film four stars saying the film "Rivals Julian Schnabel's 2007 film The Diving-Bell and the Butterfly in its portrayal of human courage and fortitude."
"The Vedanta requires us to respect human dignity and demands the recognition of man as man."
Douglas later sent other officers to investigate the massacre site at Dala where similar evidence of shooting, burning and dumping of human remains was found.
He authored a book on human rights in Southeast Asia and the novel The Depths of the Sea, and his writing has been published in The New York Times, Foreign Affairs, among other publications.
Glenn Fleisig, a biomechanist who specializes in the analysis of baseball movements, says that pitching is "the most violent human motion ever measured."
This project is in partnership with WITNESS, a human rights video advocacy and training organization.
The heroes then travel back to the human world to confront Satan.
CeCe is the best friend/sidekick and co-worker of J who works in human resources.
He continues to be a member of the Free Legal Assistance Group (FLAG), IBP, Brotherhood of Christian Businessmen and Professionals, Bohol island Lions International Club, aside from being a human rights lawyer.
Recently robot jockeys have been introduced to overcome the problem of child camel jockeys which was an issue of human rights violations.
However, at his age, either of his federal or state sentences would all but assure that he will die in prison; both sentences will far exceed human life expectancy.
In Prince of Wales v Associated Newspapers Ltd Blackburne found that Article 10 of the Human Rights Act 1998, which affirms the freedom of the press, "carries responsibilities, one of which is preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence".
In Savage Eden by Nathan Martinez, the last living Neanderthal girl and a runaway autistic boy bond and learn to survive together as their hidden wilderness in the Caucasus Mountains is invaded by human death squads and armies on the eve of global nuclear war.
Cattran contacted the Daily Mirror on 10 February, informing the newspaper of the ongoing search for human remains at Cranley Gardens, leading the newspaper to break the story and spark intense national media interest.
Jody Williams (born October 9, 1950) is an American political activist known for her work in banning anti-personnel landmines, her defense of human rights (especially those of women), and her efforts to promote new understandings of security in today's world.
The earliest evidence of human presence in the area is from the Mesolithic period, although this is fairly limited.
Nara-Narayana means human and god
1968, which led to treaties ranking higher than laws, prohibited discrimination contrary to human dignity, abolished the independence of the autonomous institutions in government and arranged for the convening of a constituent to the overall reform of the Constitution only requires the approval of two thirds of votes of all Deputies.
Craven chose to make Krueger's sweater red and green after reading an article in a 1982 Scientific American that said these two colors were the most clashing colors to the human retina.
During the aftermath, Kerrigan returns to Raynor in human form and disappears.
Skills developed in insurance and financial companies formed the basis of systematic forms, copies, summaries, and filing systems used to make sense of masses of human data.
However, the judgement was set aside in a subsequent, unprecedented case on the basis that one of the judges involved was potentially biased due to his ties to Amnesty International, a human rights organization that had campaigned against Pinochet for decades and acted as an intervenor in the case.
The human OTC gene is located on the short arm of chromosome X (Xp21.1).
It also serves as the major legal instrument within the African human rights system that clarifies the rights and privileges that African nations must guarantee to their children.
Other research conducted throughout the university's colleges and interdisciplinary groups includes high-performance computing; advanced materials; wireless telecommunication; housing; human and animal health; cognition, development, and behavior; the environment; and energy, including power electronics, biofuels, fuel cells, and solar-powered building structures.
B. T. Hall, the secretary of the Working Men's Club and Institute Union, wrote a year later: "If the work that the Clubs do, if their influence on personal character and their contribution to the sum total of human happiness be correctly appreciated...then shall the investigator reckon Henry Solly amongst the constructive statesmen of our time".
Society constructs the individual in its own image through its ideologies: the beliefs, desires, preferences and judgements of the human individual are the effects of social practices.
It reached the European Court of Human Rights in the case known as Handyside v United Kingdom.
During the fourth week of human development the neuropore in a normally developing fetus closes.
The earliest human settlers in Sri Lanka were likely peoples of the proto-Australoid group, perhaps akin to the indigenous hill peoples of southern India.
The forest is vulnerable to human activity, including illicit harvesting.
Flow-FISH thus allows for a higher throughput analysis of telomere length in blood leukocytes, which are a readily available form of human tissue sample.
Mende Nazer (born c. 1982) is a UK-resident, Sudanese author and human rights activist.
Human carbonic anhydrase was identified to have a low unknot score (22).
It is believed that Burung Munjan went extinct due to rampant human activities in Simunjan.
An MCRB initiative called Transparency in Myanmar Enterprise (TiME) "publishes information about anti-corruption, organizational transparency, and concern for human rights, health, and the environment among the largest businesses in Myanmar.
The Human Library at Pragyan proved to be an enriching experience, where students were presented with an opportunity to read about various sensitive and thought-provoking issues prevalent in society.
Currently, it is mainly only human rights activists that take a stand against the death penalty.
Actress Shailene Woodley, arrested on October 10 along with 27 others, also said she was strip-searched, adding, "Never did it cross my mind that while trying to protect clean water, trying to ensure a future where our children have access to an element essential for human survival, would I be strip-searched.
He dedicated his life to the formation of human beings along coeducation; rationalism; and freedom of teaching, research, and literary communication.
Semen collection refers to the process of obtaining semen from human males or other animals with the use of various methods, for the purposes of artificial insemination, or medical study (usually in fertility clinics).
Only full respect for stringent due process guarantees distinguishes capital punishment as possibly permitted under international law from a summary execution, which by definition violates human rights standards."
As research associate he worked on the synthesis of radioactive adrenocorticotropin, which represents one of the first synthetic research works on human peptide hormones.
They have been designed to kill a lot of human beings quickly.
Dæmons and diseases He sent away with a word, that by these signs, and mighty works, He might show that He was come for the salvation of the human race."
On 15 November 2007 Pfeifer got under article 8 of the European Court of Human Rights right adjudicated – at the same time, the Republic of Austria was convicted to pay € 5,000 compensation for the failure of the courts.
Mrs. Universe is an international and global beauty pageant and Human Rights Forum in one organised in Sofia City, Bulgaria in 2007.
Wracked with guilt for centuries of killing others, he seeks redemption by working as a homicide detective on the night shift while struggling to find a way to become human again.
In addition to the human workers, 440 robots help to assist in the production of new automobiles.
The dig also revealed signs of the long history of human settlement in the area around the mission such as beads made of shells harvested from the nearby ocean.
In 2006, Bell criticized Human Rights Watch for its reports on the Second Lebanon War, claiming that the organization's claims "mislead readers and betray ... bias,"  and that "HRW investigation [in Srifa, Lebanon] was either professionally incompetent or a complete fabrication" and "nothing more than window dressing for predetermined anti-Israel conclusions."
Though Crummackdale has not seen as much human interaction with its landscape as other Yorkshire Dales, its recorded history in documents, extends as far back as 1190, when the landowner, Richard de Morevill, granted some of the fields to Furness Abbey for 300 marks.
A key obstacle to people achieving better lives has been the risk averse culture that has been prevalent in human services for a variety of reasons.
When Muller returned after spending five months on Hydra without seeming to establish any meaningful communication with the natives at all, he discovered that other human beings could not bear to be close to him as he emanated an intolerable mental repulsion field.
The Ecological Atlas of Southeast Alaska, published by Audubon Alaska in 2016, offers an overview of the region's landscape, birds, wildlife, human uses, climate change, and more, synthesizing data from agencies and a variety of other sources.
Positive Psychology aims to shift the focus in psychology from dysfunctional mental illness to mental health, calling for an increased focus on the building of human strength.
For a human volunteer, they needed a patient who was in a terminal condition; Constable Alexander suited this requirement.
The institution evolved on the principle of "Buddhist-based human education," moving in 1929 to its present location in Nishitōkyō, Tokyo and becoming Musashino Women's University.
Officers are all volunteers; enlisted soldiers volunteer or are assigned by the U.S. Army Human Resources Command.
In the eighties he produced the series "Justice in Allah's Name", that has the religiously legitimized human rights violations of the Islamic Republic as its central theme.
But also domestic issues in Egypt regarding the country's human rights record and American support for the regimes of Hosni Mubarak and Abdel Fattah el-Sisi which have been described as tyrannical.
As of 2019, these include business and management, computing and IT, criminology, data analytics, finance, graphic design, health and social care, human resource management, law, marketing, psychology, and tourism.
MacBride was a signatory of the Convention for European Economic Co-operation, the Convention for the Protection of War Victims (1949) and the European Convention on Human Rights.
A 2005 Human Rights Watch document criticizes "Parallel Institutions" (nahad-e movazi) in the Islamic Republic, "the quasi-official organs of repression that have become increasingly open in crushing student protests, detaining activists, writers, and journalists in secret prisons, and threatening pro-democracy speakers and audiences at public events."
This study showed that golden eagles were more sensitive to human disturbance during winter than several other raptor species, including bald eagles.
With regard to human beings, the CJPS adaptation sets out to represent the gender implications of the Torah's language as its composer(s) counted on the original audience to receive them, given the gender assumptions of that time and place.
They throw light on inter-bodily relations, within which the human individuality has a much more complex position.
Sigmund Freud, "Our Freud" is sometimes said in place of "Our Ford" because Freud's psychoanalytic method depends implicitly upon the rules of classical conditioning, and because Freud popularised the idea that sexual activity is essential to human happiness.
It was published by David S. Hall for the Institute for Advanced Study of Human Sexuality, beginning in 1998 until 2014, with 17 volumes in total.
In order to prevent contamination during seeding of human fibroblasts followed by endothelial cells on polymeric scaffolds, Antibiotic-Antimycotic solution was used during the following steps:  Washing newborn foreskins, culturing fibroblasts, washing ascending aortal tissues to obtain endothelial cells, and seeding onto the scaffold.
Most primates are bonded together by the relationship between females, a pattern also seen in many human families.
The study revealed previously unknown historical human migration patterns, for example leading to insight into the history of the Berom people of Nigeria.
Indeed, the Qur'an remains mute with regard to our modern understanding of human rights, and yet these do not in any way contradict the divine truth contained in the Qur'an.
In the aforementioned books, Huxley explores the idea that the human mind filters reality, partly because handling the details of all of the impressions and images coming in would be unbearable, partly because it has been taught to do so.
The official website describes Joffa's life outside football as "hilariously funny" and promises "a journey that explores mateship, trust and the human spirit".
However, even this inclusive definition is being challenged by other means of human powered propulsion, such as foot activated pedal drives combined with rotating or sideways moving propellers, electric motors, and even outboard motors.
He favours a simple, tolerant and forgiving understanding of Christianity, his practice tending to be based on experience of human frailty rather than contemplation of religious texts.
In May 1986 Pollyanna Sutton of The Canberra Times reviewed Human Frailty and on "Say Goodbye" she found that it "hinges on the powerful line 'You don't make me feel like I'm a woman anymore'".
Human sociobiology: Pair-bonding and resource predictability (effects of social class and race).
The topics covered range from an overview of how societies from early human history to today deal with the problem of aging, to how the various religions of the world view the purpose of life, and what they teach about what happens after death.
The cortistatins were first discovered in a search for naturally occurring compounds that inhibit proliferation of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs), with cortistatin A being the most potent compound in the class.
The Stranger compared the track to The Human League, while Tiny Mix Tapes referred to the song as a "gorgeous day-glo dance party."
Martha offers to infiltrate the facility disguised as a human test subject and is accepted after claiming to be infected with hepatitis.
Fluorescent pigs can be used to study human organ transplants, regenerating ocular photoreceptor cells, neuronal cells in the brain, regenerative medicine via stem cells, tissue engineering, and other diseases.
Campbell & Al-Hedaithy when it was identified as the cause of eight cases of human cerebral phaeohyphomycosis.
She takes the whole scale of human emotions from joy to anguish and never sounds a false note."
"I'm here to compete for my country," Lomong told reporters when they asked questions about human rights.
In 1876 Spitzka returned to New York City, specializing in the diagnosis and treatment of internal diseases, particularly of the human nervous system.
in sexology at the Institute for the Advanced Study of Human Sexuality in 1979.
Reducing the human and financial toll of natural disasters by equipping government officials, businesses, and community leaders in disaster planning and response.
Prof. Odhiambo's vision of holistic science is today embodied in the Centre's 4Hs paradigm, denoting human, animal, plant and environmental health.
For a late 19th early 20th century history of the Taylor Street area see https://maxwellhalsted.uic.edu/home/alien-colonies/italian-american-taylor-st/  ["Alien" Colonies: "In the Vicinity of Maxwell and Halsted Streets: Chicago 1890-1930, a Human Documentary"]
None of similar states of physiological deficiency responsible for the periodical appearance of sexual arousal has been revealed in human sexuality.
The U.S. Department of State's 2010 Human Rights Report found that "the government enforced the law that criminalizes homosexual conduct and did not respond to societal discrimination" and that "societal violence against homosexual persons occurred, as did societal discrimination in employment, housing, and access to education or health care."
These contributions to the field of developmental psychology cemented a strong knowledge foundation and allowed researchers to build on and expand our understanding of human behavior.
He also worked as the legal advisor to the Cambodian parliament's human rights committee.
Themed as the "Caring Budget", it had three specific strategies to ensure the well being of Malaysians, developing quality human capital and strengthening the nation's resilience.
Thomy Lafon (1810–1893) – businessman, philanthropist, and human rights activist
According to Human Rights Watch and Justice for Colombia, most of these murders are attributed to right-wing paramilitaries, whilst some are directly attributed to state forces.
In Ehrenfels's new society, the "highest goal"  would the "improvement of the human constitution" by allowing only the fittest white men to breed.
 William "Bill" Taggart, character in Deus Ex: Human Revolution video game
Ritter Island – Papua New Guinea, 1888 (see 1888 Ritter Island eruption and tsunami) – Resulted in the largest lateral spreading of a volcanic cone in human history.
The faculty of business also offers three areas of concentration, and they are as follows: (a) MBA in finance and accounting, (b) MBA in strategic marketing and entrepreneurship, and (c) MBA  in strategic human resource.
The estuary has been modified by human activities at least since 1855.
She is also the co-founder of the Blue Planet Project, which works internationally for the human right to water.
In this story, Lem also puts forth the idea that what may be perceived a human weakness is in fact an advantage over a perfect machine.
An example of a well-studied genetic biomarker in schizophrenia is the single nucleotide polymorphism in the HLA-DQB1 gene, which is part of the human leukocyte antigen (HLA) complex.
Once again, Curt transformed into the Lizard and it took the combined effort Spider-Man and the Human Torch save Martha and Billy who were happily reunited with a cured Curt.
The Committee of Catholics to Fight Anti-Semitism (later known as the Committee of Catholics for Human Rights) was an American Catholic anti-racist organization formed in May 1939, partially in response to the 1938 announcement of Pope Pius XI that "it is not possible for Christians to take part in anti-Semitism".
Disturbances such as tornado, blowdown, and ice storms were common events that created a random mosaic of small openings in the forest canopy across the landscape before human beings arrived to the North American continent.
criticised the disproportionate use of "force by security personnel" and stated that it expected "the Government of Zimbabwe to uphold human rights and the rule of law, as enshrined in the constitution, and ensure due legal process for those detained."
They originate partially from a murine animal and partially from a human.
Human occupation of New Mexico stretches back at least 11,000 years to the hunter-gatherer Clovis culture.
Additionally, they also cause high environmental damage such as global warming, eutrophication, ocean acidification, ozone layer depletion, carbon emission which in turn harms human health and quality of life.
Blank slate is the epistemological thesis that individual human beings are born with no built-in mental content.
As the documentary comes to a close, Dr. Miller explains that there is nothing medical about death, but it is something that is purely human and a time to celebrate and rejoice the deceased's life.
On 31 December 2010, the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights was merged with the Ministry of Transport, Communications and Local Government to form the Ministry of the Interior.
Sami Al-Arian, a Professor and prominent advocate for human rights, named by Newsweek as a "premier civil rights activist" for his efforts to repeal the use of secret evidence in trials, was held under house arrest in Northern Virginia from 2008 until 2014 when federal prosecutors filed a motion to dismiss charges against him.
On 17 April 2012 the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) published a proposed rule that would delay, from 1 October 2013 to 1 October 2014, the compliance date for the ICD-10-CM and PCS.
In August 2020 the Court of Appeal ruled that the way the facial recognition system had been used by the South Wales Police in 2017 and 2018 violated human rights.
Since 1750, human activity has increased the concentrations various greenhouse gases, most importantly carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide.
The university  designed special programs in partnership with Aboriginal communities to meet the human resource needs of Aboriginal communities in areas such as health, education and the environment – examples include its National School of Dental Therapy, Nursing and Health Studies programs.
She has chaired the committee in charge of reviewing criminal law decisions following the delivery of judgments of the European Court of Human Rights.
Herb illustrates a deeply human set of themes.
Another monarchy of the Middle East, Bahrain, is known for violating the rights of peaceful critics of the government, including political activists and human rights defenders.
Political scientist Hedley Bull wrote that "in the broad sweep of human history ... the form of states system has been the exception rather than the rule".
Fujii graduated from faculty of letters Keio University where she got Bachelor of Arts in human relations.
... the human rights of women include their right to have control over and decide freely and responsibly on matters related to their sexuality, including sexual and reproductive health, free of coercion, discrimination and violence.
It is also collected for human consumption, but not at levels that would pose a threat.
This advantage rules out the need for human assistance or restriction in generality.
The College of Education and Human Sciences offers undergraduate educator preparation programs in Elementary Education, Secondary Education, and P-12 Education.
Accordingly, human consciousness, for example, merely derives from a larger cosmic consciousness.
Thousands visit the town every month, where they receive the fresh breeze from the central mountain range and the human warmth of its inhabitants.
(1333-unknown) was a Chinese painter of human figures during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368).
Once attending medical school, student courses will focus on basic medical sciences like human anatomy, physiology, chemistry, etc., for the first three years, the second year of which is when medical students start to get hands-on experience with actual patients.
1: A Punk Look at Human Rights
Secret government documents from the United States, declassified in 2002, prove that the US government knew as early as 1978 that the corpses of the French nuns Alice Domon and Léonie Duquet and those of "eleven other human rights activists" had been found on the beaches of Buenos Aires.
This was the first global meeting of its kind to bring UN agencies, scientists, NGOs, policy makers, economists, indigenous and local community representatives and the private sector together to explore the wide-ranging implications of biodiversity loss for human health and well-being.
Together with Peter Kempees he is the author of a cautionary tale about the European Court of Human Rights: Jack and the Solemn Promise (2010, ).
In 2011, the BBC's History Cold Case programme featured a team from the Centre of Anatomy and Human Identification at the University of Dundee investigating the site.
In 1990 he became a member of the Department of Ophthalmology and the Department of Human Genetics in both of which he became a professor.
Although appearing as a human with short hair and glasses, he is in fact an alien in disguise.
NSAs challenge the nation-state's sovereignty over internal matters through advocacy for societal issues, such as human rights and the environment.
Human rights group Big Brother Watch called the act "an authoritarian infringement on her civil liberties."
In January, 1997, at the age of 89, Ratner traveled to Bethesda, Maryland to attend a workshop of the National Institutes of Health entitled Simian Virus 40: A Possible Human Polyomavirus.
Booker said that white asbestos is "chemically identical to talcum powder" and poses a "non-existent" risk to human health, relying primarily on a 2000 paper for the Health and Safety Executive (HSE).
The district hydrographic network consists of a set of rivers and streams that wash many geographical areas, and completing a map of water resources for the district, both for human consumption and for irrigation.
Having said this they must know that the air pollution in USA has the mixing of liquid, solid, gaseous, odour and noise pollution which is dangerous for human being, animals and plants.
A fundamental human right in the 1789 Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen drafted by Lafayette in cooperation with Thomas Jefferson, the guarantees against arbitrary detention are enshrined in the French Constitution and regulated by the Penal Code.
This building also houses the Financial Aid department and the Human Resources department.
According to the archeologist Italo Biddittu, human presence is evidenced during the Copper Age, whilst a settlement arose in the Iron Age.
Early on, empty time slots were filled by going off the air, because the FCC at the time required a licensed human attendant at all times.
The unit includes a number of lawyers who receive complaints on the human rights violations and do the required investigations in order to make sure that the complaint is serious.
In general V. salvadorii avoids human contact, but its bite is capable of causing infection, like the Komodo dragon's.
form of Greek andros "of man, male human being."
He is also interested in the evolutionary processes that determine how human bodies interact with viruses.
This puts pressure on crew members to work longer hours on tighter schedules, which causes time pressure and makes human error more likely.
Erekosë learns he is in the fortress city of Necranal, the capital of human society on this world.
Justice and Witness Ministries (JWM) is responsible for ministries related to economic justice, human rights, justice for women and transformation, public life and social policy, and racial justice.
The works in this series are mostly empty of human life; they show deserted, nocturnal cities to convey the desolation and anguish felt across the country as a result of the new atmosphere.
"The Human Computer in Flight Control," IRE Transactions on Electronic Computers, Vol.
The first human inhabitants of Nosy Be were small bands of Antankarana and Zafinofotsy, before the Sakalava migrated there and became the most numerous ethnic group on the island.
(with P. Biberson) (1956) "The fossil human remains from the Paleolithic site of Sidi Abderrahman (Morocco)", American Journal of Physical Anthropology, v. 14 n.s., n° 3, pp.
The drama depicts the difficult decisions and moving human stories that take place daily in the OB-GYN department, focusing in particular on Seo Hye Young, a talented and determined obstetrician who has just transferred from the prestigious Seoul base to the branch hospital.
 General management, financial management and banking, human resource management, procurement and logistic, public policy, organisational effectiveness and capacity building, basic office skills, entrepreneurship, marketing management and information technology;
She was a finalist for a Heartland Emmy Awards for Outstanding Human Interest Special in 2019.
 Founder of The Association for Human Rights Reporting Standards (FIHRRST)
It was also found to greatly increase the effectiveness of chemotherapy in mice in which human prostate tumor cells were implanted.
His feline-themed Yummy are parasitic in nature, possessing the human and forcing them to partake in their desire even at the risk of their lives until they reach their complete form and consume the host.
During the recording of 'The Human Condition,' the band kept the bridge and rewrote the other sections.
The production generally lacked human performers, with notable rare exceptions including a performer as a chainsaw-wielding serial killer.
The toxicity (measured against mice) per weight of Vespa luctuosa venom is higher than that of the larger Asian giant hornet (Vespa mandarinia), which has an LD50 of 4.0 mg/kg, but which is responsible for many more human deaths than Vespa luctuosa due to the considerably larger volume of venom injected per sting.
Rising temperatures have led to an increased risk of health issues such as heart-related mortality, infectious diseases, and pollen allergies.The effect of large-scale extreme events such as prolonged heat waves not only impacts human activities but mortality rates; this presenting critical reasons to address climate change.
Although the risks of low-level radiation exposures are not well understood, a cautious approach has been universally adopted that all human radiation exposures should be kept As Low As Reasonably Practicable, "ALARP".
Calypso temporarily lifts his curse, allowing him to be seen briefly in his original human form.
Film critic James Agee wrote that she "not only bears a startling resemblance to an imaginable human being; she really knows how to act, in a blend of poetic grace with quiet realism".
In human embryos it generally occurs at the end of the 3rd week or the beginning of the 4th.
AI Ghana's mission is to create a viable and sustainable nation-wide membership with the view to championing the course of and promoting respect for human rights in Ghana and beyond.
Madeeha Syed of Dawn News wrote, “Some of the stories lay testament to the resilience of the human spirit and are inspiring” and “almost everyone who left the auditorium described being moved by the stories.”
Note: A new term "Quality of Silicon" (QoS) is being promoted by the EDA industry in an attempt to measure the performance of backend EDA tools in isolation from the human designer's own performance in the frontend design stage.
Descending into alcoholism, Wesley holds onto Illyria as the only thing he has left of Fred, helping her understand the human world she is unfamiliar with.
It is later revealed that this monster is actually a cannibalistic human serial killer in a bear suit.
Most pickled punks display some sort of anatomical abnormality, such as conjoined twins or polycephaly; however, the deformities present are as varied as the nature of human afflictions.
The research group also has a long-standing interest in studying the Notch and S1P signaling pathway using Drosophila as models of human diseases, particularly Duchenne muscular dystrophy and cancer.
Roya TV was launched on January 1, 2011, with an operational mandate of targeting family and youth, promoting democracy, focusing on outreach activities to remote areas in the country, creating awareness on human rights, and empowering women.
Accordingly, so it is argued, it would create unacceptable risks to use such methods on human embryos.
"The Science of Human Nature and the Social Contract."
"I think what we need to let into human affairs is a bit more rationality."
Director Laurence Trimble said that the film had "a universal appeal, something striking deep in human nature, not dependent upon race or prejudice and comprehensible to both old and young.
Also, it is permitted to rescue a human being who falls into a well on the Sabbath, but significantly, not permitted to rescue an animal from a well on the Sabbath.
However, many of these substances may bioaccumulate in the human body, thus reaching dangerous concentrations.
The project recognized the human potential of each regional culture, looking beyond the simplistic image of a postcard.
The National Center for Health Statistics, part of the Department of Health and Human Services, is headquartered in Hyattsville and located at University Town Center.
A number of muscles in the human body are thought to be vestigial, either by virtue of being greatly reduced in size compared to homologous muscles in other species, by having become principally tendonous, or by being highly variable in their frequency within or between populations.
 May 23, 2013: Omnibus health and human services act ()
In addition to deterring replication of exogenous retroviruses, A3G also acts upon human endogenous retroviruses, leaving similar signatures of hypermutations in them.
St. Ambrose University offers more than 60 undergraduate majors(includes pre-professional like Medical, Dental, Law, Chiropractic, Physical Therapy, Physician's Assistant, Optometry, Pharmacy and Veterinary Medicine), 13 master's, and three doctoral programs offered through the colleges of Arts and Sciences, Business, and Health and Human Services.
The United Nations' first High Commissioner for Human Rights Dr. José Ayala Lasso, German chancellor Angela Merkel, Nobel literature laureate and Holocaust survivor Imre Kertész, Joachim Gauck, Milan Horáček, former Austrian crown prince Otto von Habsburg, and historians such as Guido Knopp, Hungarian novelist György Konrád, and Christian Tomuschat, have also voiced their support for the centre.
This suggests that the state, rather than being godly, is part of the divine strategy, not a mere product of human endeavor.
The CT nucleus method is based on the projection of the human head section and is processed by computer to reconstruct the cross-sectional image, which is called image reconstruction.
In the Netherlands the series aired with Human Target on RTL 5 every Thursday.
MUTYH (mutY DNA glycosylase) is a human gene that encodes a DNA glycosylase, MUTYH glycosylase.
In considering the merger of the Faculty of Adult Education and Human Resources Development and the Illyés Gyula Teacher Training College of Szekszárd the Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Education and Regional Development is formed.
Haplogroup U is a human mitochondrial DNA haplogroup (mtDNA).
The Strategic Approach supports the achievement of the goal agreed at the 2002 Johannesburg World Summit on Sustainable Development of ensuring that, by the year 2020, chemicals will be produced and used in ways that minimize significant adverse impacts on the environment and human health.
University of Human Arts and Sciences
The exact scale of each event with notable human impact in duration, being hypothetically determined, is debated.
The novel Wave Without a Shore and the Merovingen Nights series go even further to describe special cases in which a human sub-culture has actually denied certain alien realities, failed to adapt to these truths, and suffered negative consequences.
In biology, students studied the effect of flying on the human body.
He is also National Secretary of the Indian solidarity committee for Freedom Democracy and Human Rights and National President of Bhutan Solidarity, which is fighting for Democracy in Bhutan.
Human papillomavirus infection (HPV) causes more than 90% of cases; most people who have had HPV infections, however, do not develop cervical cancer.
It is the first step that an individual must take in order to obtain their Certified Human Resources Processional (CHRP) designation.
Thévenot studied astronomy, physics, medicine, and magnetism, and demonstrated in the 1660s the possibility that atmospheric pulsations had something to do with human and animal respiration.
Because of his status as an eternal outsider, from society and from the human race, Yukiatsu tends to be extremely sympathetic to people who fall outside the bounds of society, whether they are vagrants or foreigners.
thou shalt wander over the earth, affecting human form!".
The Institute is one of only a few medical facilities in Germany that is authorized by the government to conduct human embryonic stem cell research.
The project has received many awards, such as the UN-Habitat-United Nations Human Settlements Programme award.
In 2011, he was named deputy prime minister with the responsibility of human rights and the fight against terrorism and served in the post until 2014.
Despite the success of his Swan Lake, in which he altered the traditional story to be about a human male falling in love with a male swan, Bourne acknowledged the challenge of a gay Romeo and Juliet.
Some scholars trace the origins of natural science as far back as pre-literate human societies, where understanding the natural world was necessary for survival.
Top soon discovers that the spinning increased his intelligence as well(because his body and thus his mind are spinning at super human speeds.
He advocated the use of the guillotine or firing squad and said that for any country that wants to take human life, citizens should be prepared to watch the proceedings.
Wang Ye worship stems from belief in two main categories of supernatural beings, both of which are spirits of what were once, according to legend, real human beings.
Spin-off television series Stargate SG-1 (1997–2007), Stargate Atlantis (2004–2009) and Stargate Universe (2009-2011) feature aliens called the Ancients (alternatively Alterans, Lanteans, or Anquietas) who are found to have traveled to Earth millions of years ago to start and influence human evolution.
Keith D. Ewing (born 1955) is professor of public law at King's College London and recognised as a leading scholar in public law, constitutional law, law of democracy, labour law and human rights.
Environmental personhood, which assigns nature (or aspects of it) certain rights, concurrently provides a means to individuals or groups such as Indigenous peoples to fulfill their human rights.
Friedrich Schleiermacher (1768–1834) explored the nature of understanding in relation not just to the problem of deciphering sacred texts but to all human texts and modes of communication.
The compound is found in human diet, notably produced in large amounts from dietary fiber in the gut and present in Parmesan cheese and butter.
Strange brings this same team back together to arrest the Human Torch after he went nova and destroyed a whole quarter of the city.
However, in 2012, a human rights tribunal ruled that the ambassadors did not discriminate against the homeless.
We have an obligation to prevent our territory from being used as a sanctuary for terrorism and proliferation and human trafficking and organized crime."
Furthermore, Bogdanov, influenced by Ernest Mach, believed that all concepts of the world were relative, whereas Lenin stuck to the orthodox Marxist view that there was an objective reality independent of human observation.
Antibodies are currently also being produced from isolation of human B-lymphocytes to produce specific recombinant monoclonal antibody mixtures.
Hiroshi Kanno (2010), Bodhisattvas of the Earth in the Lotus Sutra: Involvement in the Human Society.
Human decision-making is both a conscious and non-conscious process in the brain, and while this method of research succeeded in gathering explicit (or conscious) emotions, it failed to gain the consumer's implicit (or unconscious) emotions.
But it is proven, that there have been human settlements long before, as there are remainings of a Roman Villa Rustica below ground.
It was an attempt to discover the source in the constitution of the human mind of the pleasure afforded by poetry.
The most important historical incident in Matale is writing the thripitaka which was held during the ruling period of king Walagamba in 89-77 BC in Aluvihare, Therefore this is permanent evidence for human settlements in Matale before centuries of years.
Its study under zoo or laboratory conditions could lead to a better understanding of self-harm in human patients.
Soon the dead will rise and seek human flesh and the Reverend finds himself right in the middle of it.
Old auction catalogues mentioned that Miel contributed the staffage to the landscapes of Claude Lorrain during his stay in Rome, but it has not been possible to attribute the human figures in Lorrain's works to Miel.
Lewis criticized egalitarianism, and its corresponding call for the abolition of monarchy, as contrary to human nature, writing, Where men are forbidden to honour a king they honour millionaires, athletes, or film-stars instead: even famous prostitutes or gangsters.
According to the Human Rights NGO, "Project Disappeared," he personally supervised and directed torture and executions.
Exergy values for human activity using this information can be useful for comparing policy alternatives based on the efficiency of utilizing natural resources to perform work.
These included an introductory and an advanced class in Biology, Environmental Science, Chemistry and Physics; as well as Human Sexuality.
She also created allegorical figures with elements of fantasy, influenced by the Atzompa tradition of creating small animal figures with human qualities, such as playing musical instruments.
For a march on Human Rights Day, 8 December 2019, a group of activists led by Simon Lau joined the crowds wearing colourful masks featuring Pepe, a pig, a and shiba inu.
According to a 2012 poll, 25% of the Turks in Germany believe atheists are inferior human beings.
Let's let him be a human.
A human who roams in Victoria Island as a monster hunter.
In Paxos deployments, it is common to require human operator intervention to reconfigure Paxos.
There are no official policies regarding human by-catch data among research and conservation organizations.
Before the timeline returns to normal, Kyoichiro bids his Kamen Rider allies a farewell, but promises that he will meet them in the restored timeline, where he is a human once more and supported in his racing endeavors by the Tachibana Racing Club and BOARD.
It was also home to the now defunct "Housing" major, which was one of only four nationwide which focused on homes of all types as a product and how they impacted human health and behaviors.
 Mano Ganesan - prominent human rights activist; politician
It was started under the aegis of the Institute of Human Resources Development (established by the government of Kerala).
Human rights abuses in North Macedonia
Tumuli on the Île des Pins which were initially believed to be graves were found to contain no human remains or grave goods, and it has been hypothesized that they were in reality the incubation mounds of Sylviornis.
Afterward, King sent a telegram to Johnson congratulating him for his speech, calling it "the most moving eloquent unequivocal and passionate plea for human rights ever made by any president of this nation".
There are no human settlements at Lincolnshire Gate.
However, the size of this number is not indicative of the difficulty of the problem, which can be solved "by using human insight and ingenuity ... without much difficulty."
The museum include an exhibition hall referred to human evolution.
The British courts ruled in favour of British Airways and against Eweida under the Human Rights Act 1998, an Act of the British Parliament which implements the European Convention in British law.
The members include the leader Belze, the cigar addicted officer Elvis, the circus ringmaster Shannon and Azel, also called the "Devil Hand",  a human that also possesses one of the God Hands and earlier joined the Devas to achieve his own goals.
Gods meddle in human affairs, their appearance, temperament and vices resembling the gods of Ancient Greece.
Since New Zealand was not settled by the Māori until more than 1,000 years later, the area had no known human inhabitants when the eruption occurred.
It is threatened by the global reduction of coral reefs, the increase of temperature causing bleaching, disease, coral harvesting, climate change, fishing, human development, pollution, and being prey to starfish Acanthaster planci.
The Chief Administrative Officer of the United States House of Representatives (CAO) is the chief administrative officer of the United States House of Representatives, charged with carrying out administrative functions for the House, including human resources, information resources, payroll, finance, procurement, and other business services.
The Korea Institute for National Unification's 2014 White Paper on Human Rights in North Korea lists twelve public executions between 2004 and 2010 for the crime of murder.
He was an internationally renowned scholar in the fields of human rights, constitutional law and prison law, and was a member of the Equality Commission for Northern Ireland.
Peroxisome proliferation-activated receptor alpha (PPARα) agonists enhance the activity of the SREBP-1c promoter via a DR1 element at -453 in the human promoter.
The ordeal gave Mayuri the power to detect Horrors and seal them in her body - a never-before-seen ability in any human.
She launched a campaign for protection of human rights defenders and women-centric organizations in Pakistan in 2016 under which two studies assessed the challenges and threats they face.
He concludes that the phrase umuntu ngumuntu ngabantu references a messier, undisciplined relationship between persons, stating that "First, there is value in regarding a broken relationship as being authentically human as much as a harmonious relationship.
ADAMTS5 may also have a role in the pathogenesis of human osteoarthritis.
human activity since prehistoric up to the Medieval period.
At the moment LBMC scientific personnel exceeds 100 and the main research areas are novel vaccine development, molecular virology, human genetics, epidemiology of infectious diseases, cancer biology and immunology, stem cell biology, structure biology and other fundamental as well as applied scientific fields.
Lee served as chairperson of the Committee on the Rights of the Child under the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights from 2007 to 2011.
The following estimates of Romanian deaths, within contemporary borders, during World War I were made by a Russian historian in a 2004 handbook of human losses in the 20th century.
"Methodological considerations in building human communication theory."
In 2017, the European Court of Human Rights found the Hungary's government had acted illegally by failing to protect the Roma population from threats of violence and intimidation, and that this failure may have given the impression that such threats were sanctioned by the state.
In December 2017 the Daily Mail published a front-page story entitled "Another human rights fiasco!
He also wrote books on the history of science, on Isaac Newton and on Mendelism in human genetics.
Human and mouse protein kinases in UniProt: classification and index
Matt Labash of The Weekly Standard reported this was for refusing to print an article by Paul Berman that was critical of the Sandinista human rights record in Nicaragua.
In Kashmir, CAC opposes "widespread abuses of human rights in the State of Jammu and Kashmir by the State or Central government" as well as "the continuing violence in Jammu & Kashmir, especially the targeting of innocent civilians for political ends, perpetrated by terrorists".
He also recorded some new sessions with Springsteen which were later released on Human Touch and Tracks.
Leading actress Sian Reese-Williams commented that the series was more of a "personal drama" than a crime series, because of the multiple human stories involved, including those of the victims, the families of the victims, and the criminal protagonist.
Revealed the inner, systematic interconnection of laws and categories of social theory which reflect the structure of the mature society and outlined the theoretical periodization of human history (the objective laws of its "ascent" from the beginning, the emergence, the formation, to the maturity) from the perspective of the interactions of natural and social factors.
An inner discourse, or internal discourse, is a constructive act of the human mind and a tool for discovering new knowledge and making decisions.
Ten new standards were now applied in judging a film, including "The basic dignity and value of human life shall be respected and upheld.
For Steiner, nature becomes self-conscious in the human being.
Encourage respect for the quality of governance, observance of democratic values and human rights rule of law and right to self-determination;
Compassion, moral integrity, and respect for human dignity are to be exercised during the practice of medical science.
(2014), Plague: One Scientist’s Intrepid Search for the Truth About Human Retroviruses and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS), Autism, and Other Diseases, Skyhorse Publishing
Her books are renowned for their psychological originality, complex plots, gothic sense of humour and claustrophobic mapping of the human mind.
Edwards additionally stated, "I grew up watching Spielberg movies, what they did so well — as well as having epic, fantastic spectacle — they made the characters feel real and human.
Leonard Roy Frank (July 15, 1932 – January 15, 2015,) was an American human rights activist, psychiatric survivor, editor, writer, aphorist, and lecturer.
Her early research considered the immunogenicity of human aminopeptidase in cytomegalovirus disease.
She is an activist for LGBT+ rights and human rights, and has said that being able to engage with large-scale charity work is one of the positives of her job.
After World War II, Maslow began to question the way psychologists had come to their conclusions, and although he did not completely disagree, he had his own ideas on how to understand the human mind.
The first example was the ESP game, an effort in human computation originally conceived by Luis von Ahn of Carnegie Mellon University, which labels images.
According to the organization Human Rights in China, Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp.
The particular geology of Gotland has conditioned many aspects of human life and economic activity.
The genome contains approximately 20 billion base pairs and is about six times the size of the human genome, despite possessing a similar number of genes.
He kills Commander Vinyáya, escapes from jail and attempts to kidnap No.1 to grant his human wife Leonor eternal life.
On this foundation, the idea of human rights would later be constructed by Spanish theologians at the School of Salamanca.
IIT Gandhinagar is one of the eight Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) announced by the Ministry of Human Resource Development in 2008.
David appeals to the local bureau of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
They were not mere objects, however, and still possessed all the human attributes: they could feel pain, could remember a mother, child or spouse, could feel infinite shame at being raped in public.
Also in December 2008, Human Rights Watch described the Somali National Army as the 'TFG's largely theoretical professional military force.'
Contrary to popular belief, an adult human body would not be able to pass through the esophagus of a whale, which generally measures less than  in diameter, although in larger baleen whales it may be up to  when fully distended.
These findings in mouse and human indicate that the MSH5 protein plays an important role in meiotic recombination.
Davis was a critic of the idea of human speciation.
The figures are half-naked and seated on circular mats next to a human corpse.
He joined the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development as program director, later becoming an associate director there.
He continues, “The point of all human rights work is to understand the past, so we can build a future that doesn’t repeat it… we give [organizations] the technical tools to preserve their information…and provide them with technical support to assure that the process is systematic, thorough and scientific.”
 Mythical realism – an attempt to visualize the properties of a human soul,
On 23 April 2012, the US government imposed sanctions on him, saying he had been responsible for human rights abuses, including the use of violence against civilians.
Can human aesthetics be formalised?
Infant formula is a notable exception, where the addition of lactose is necessary to match the composition of human milk.
Introduced in the episode "Secrets of The Foamy Cult", he is the first human introduced since the reboot.
Very often human beings confuse their own purposes with the ideal purpose.
In Mind and Cosmos, Nagel writes that he is an atheist: "I lack the sensus divinitatis that enablesindeed compelsso many people to see in the world the expression of divine purpose as naturally as they see in a smiling face the expression of human feeling."
Ecological economics differs from mainstream economics, in that it heavily reflects on the ecological footprint of human interactions in the economy.
He served as the United Nations special rapporteur for human rights in Cambodia for six years (2009-2015).
Eretria – a human girl raised since childhood by the rover Cephelo, giving a lot of trouble to Wil and the Elves but eventually becoming their ally in their mission to restore the Ellcrys' health.
Human Nature's first album "Telling Everybody" went 4 x Platinum and was a major success for the band and Begaud.
Pejuta comes first in this odd case because, upon becoming a medicine man, the person is considered medicine themselves over being a human being.
This breakthrough could lead to a fuller understanding of human memory.
 An alternate term for a Universal law, the concept that principles and rules governing human behaviour can gain legitimacy by demonstrating universal acceptability, applicability, translation, and philosophical basis of those rules
He graduated from Johnston Heights Secondary School in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada, and received a bachelor's degree in Human Biology from the State University of New York at Albany.
Human polyomavirus 2, referred as "John Cunningham virus"
However, infection with human herpes simplex virus type-1 (HSV-1), a member of the alphaherpesvirinae subfamily, did not provide increased resistance to bacterial infection.
In 2013, Ms Farida Shaheed, United Nations special rapporteur to the Human Rights Council, presented her "Report in the field of cultural rights: The right to freedom of expression and creativity" providing a comprehensive study of the status quo of, and specifically the limitations and challenges to, artistic freedom worldwide.
Caramon Majere (Younger), human, was the first born son of a woodcutter and the twin of Raistlin Majere, with a complicated childhood.
The aircraft apparently struck the surface of Santa Rosa Sound, in Navarre, as wreckage and human remains have been recovered from both shores of the waterway.
The most notable of these are The Seven Stages of Prayer, and Concerning the Manifestation and Salvation of the Human Race.
Talairach coordinates, also known as Talairach space, is a 3-dimensional coordinate system (known as an 'atlas') of the human brain, which is used to map the location of brain structures independent from individual differences in the size and overall shape of the brain.
The volcano rabbit has been severely pressured by human intrusion into its habitat.
Human trafficking incurs severe penalties.
We will be interested in new concepts, experiments, discoveries, utopias and records of the invisible and fantastic interior world of human imagination.
After Hammond crashes his car, Dr. Eastman (Samuel Hinds) declares him “beyond any human help.” A breeze ruffles the curtains and the bed is briefly flooded with light as Hammond insists to himself he will not die.
He worked with Royal Government Information and Communications Minister Leki Dorji and the Head of Royal Human Resources to help establish a long-term vision to employ 2,000+ civilians to work in these centers providing services to the global markets to help credit a middle class.
He praised Turkey for the human rights advances it had made but said he would advocate stronger monitoring if the decision was taken to open accession talks by the European Council when it considered the question in December.
 Article 16 of the European Convention on Human Rights
Michael is shown weighing the soul of a human in a balance.
He was an editor-in-chief of journal of Evolution and Human Behavior.
The malfunction of just one type of enzyme out of the thousands of types present in the human body can be fatal.
He has seen them under all conditions, and his observations, tinged as they always are, with genuine humor, strike a human note, especially when he recounts his experiences among the West Indians."
Health and Human Services Committee
Journal of Human Movement Studies, 2: 87- 97.
(10) Puerto Galera Blue-and-White Jar which was Recovered in Puerto Galera, Mindoro, this Blue-and White jar has ears, cloud collars at the shoulder, human figures and floral designs around the body, and a lotus lappet on the upper foot rim.
The move was praised by the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, Palestinians, Human Rights Watch, and Amnesty International.
Its name changed again to Birthright, Inc.: an educational nonprofit organization promoting "all reliable and scientific means for improving the biological stock of the human race."
On October 23, 2013, the House Human Resources Subcommittee held a hearing on sex trafficking of youth in foster care.
From artefacts finds, there is evidence of spasmodic human activity within this territory dating back to the Neolithic period.
Thirdly, many human genetic testing companies use the term in a third way: to refer to an individual collection of specific mutations within a given genetic segment; (see short tandem repeat mutation).
Three of the album's songs were released as singles—"A Living Human Girl", "Hey Now", and "Hot"—all in 2016 ahead of the album's release.
From 1874 to 1915 Peel Island in Moreton Bay served as Brisbane's human quarantine station.
She studied Human Geography at St Cuthbert's Society, Durham University, from 2005 to 2008.
The development of the secondary palate commences in the sixth week of human embryonic development.
Still at the University of Chicago, Clark went to the Institute of Human Biology till 1955 and work as a Junior Biologist.
She is a human sorceress in training, is offbeat, clumsy and bumbling, yet never gives up.
In addition, he took upon Himself human nature, living as a righteous man on earth, dying for the sins of mankind, raised from the dead and ascended to heaven where he makes intercession for mankind.
Some of the jade beads had been carved to represent human and parrot faces.
"Across our country, those who work on farms bolster our economy and nourish our people by providing what we need at a most human level, helping to uphold America's founding creed: Out of many, we are one.
On 9/28/2018, President Donald Trump signed the Department of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Act, 2019 and Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019 (H.R.6157) into law.
AloxE3 appears responsible for forming hepoxilins A and/or B from 12R-HpETE in the spinal fluids of rats and ALOXE3 is proposed to be responsible for the formation of these hepoxilins in various human tissues although the presence and activity of ALOXE3 in many of these hepoxilin-forming tissues has not yet been demonstrated.
Jahy, the feared and respected number-two ruler of the Dark Realm, suddenly finds herself powerless and shrunken in the human world after a magical girl destroys a powerful mana crystal, which also destroys her home realm.
Saccades are one of the fastest movements produced by the human body (blinks may reach even higher peak velocities).
An advocate of minimizing human impact on the environment, Evans favors decreasing reliance on coal and petroleum as energy sources in favor of alternative means.
The nature of Kilbrun's training is unknown, although it has been speculated that, due to his somewhat limited understanding of human anatomy and his abilities as a painter of clothing, he had worked as a drapery painter prior to emigration.
Yet again after the commercial failure of Brandy's Human (2008) album, this project was postponed.
In later editions of his essay, Malthus clarified his view that if society relied on human misery to limit population growth, then sources of misery (e.g., hunger, disease, and war) would inevitably afflict society, as would volatile economic cycles.
He was director of human resources and business restructuring with Bord na Móna.
The University received the award for its innovative use of new media to promote democratic reforms, civil society, independent media, human rights, and the rule of law in support of OSCE values and commitments.
Fletcher has listed OMD, the Cure, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Kraftwerk, the Human League, and punk rock as influences on the three men.
In recognition for her work and contribution to women's rights in Iraq, Latif received the Vital Voices 15th Global Leadership Award for Human Rights.
Where an organ is to be removed for a transplant pursuant to the Human Organ Transplant Act or the Medical (Therapy, Education and Research) Act, from the body of a deceased person, the death must be certified by two medical practitioners:
According to Waldron, "the Buddhists and biologists thus largely concur that the very forms and structures of human life result from the accumulative actions of innumerable beings over countless generations."
His work is notable for its relatable insights and humorous take on everyday human experiences.
The human mind primarily focuses its attention on the "inner nature of beings and to the first and final causes of all phenomena it observes."
Attachment theory is not an exhaustive description of human relationships, nor is it synonymous with love and affection, although these may indicate that bonds exist.
Mayor Bratina tells the Spectator that city hall's human resources department gave her the raise, making a point of noting "I didn't give a raise, she didn't ask for a raise."
The incidents of enforced disappearances were condemned by both domestic and international human rights organizations.
The design of these garments was inextricably linked with the religious practices of the Copper Inuit, containing what anthropologist Bernadette Driscoll-Engelstad describes as "design references alluding to the integration of the human and animal realm, the natural and the supernatural."
He made several comments on the floor of the House while he introduced a bill that would "repeal the state's pro-gay human rights amendment and remove sexual orientation from its hate-crimes law."
His passionate attachment to nature soon led to a confrontation with the impact of human life on the planet, which flowed seamlessly into his work.
Oswald was head of Human Resources at South Lanarkshire College for 12 years.
Meanwhile, Stan decides to give Klaus a new human body so Klaus can cook for him; and Steve thinks he's a werewolf.
The amelioration of the condition of mankind, and the increase of human happiness, ought to be the leading objects of every political institution,and the aim of every individual, according to the measure of his power, in the situation he occupies.
Simmel's essays, "Bridge and Door" (Simmel, 1909 / 1994) and "The Metropolis and Mental Life" (Simmel, 1903 / 2001) identify a uniquely human will to connection, as well as the urban demands of tempo and precision that are satisfied with mobility.
No other foreigners, not even those with permanent residency or victims of rape / human trafficking, were allowed to appeal.
Because of the disappearance of her father, she feels insecure about her future and dislikes the idea of having to fight, especially if the enemy looks human.
In addition to human resource functions, Exult provided financial process outsourcing solutions options to its clients inclusive of accounts receivable, general ledger and finance, accounts processing, and fixed asset and procurement tools.
The plane "is home to elves, dwarves, valkyrie angels, changelings, giants, and Viking-like human berserkers.
The Executive Master in Human Resources Management is in the Top 3 with ENSAM – ENS Cachan and Dauphine for social connections 2012.
Taliev developed an alternative anthropogenic concept for the explanation of the origin of these plants rejecting the relict character of flora present on limestone, chalk, and sand deposits and considering these deposits as the consequences of human activity that destroyed upper soil layers.
A trait which most telepaths remark as his mind working more like a computerized machine than that of a human being.
Residential treatment centers and other organized mental health care for children with emotional needs, among our highest health and human service efforts, was reported at 440 organizations nationally in 1988, representing 9% of mental health organizations.
Hoshino had already designed the Earl's human form before the manga began serialization.
Food sources can range from human food, to plants and trash.
Therefore, researchers invent interaction paradigms that divide responsibility between human users and computer systems by assigning distinct roles that exploit the strengths and overcome the weaknesses of both partners.
In addition to placing a special strategic focus on the areas of Housing and Community Development, Education and Workforce Development, the Foundation also makes grants in the areas of Arts & Culture, Civic Engagement, Community Safety, Health and Human Services the Nonprofit Sector and the Urban Environment.
The Deputy Directorate-General for Human Resources.
He was also an outspoken human rights lawyer once imprisoned by the Mexican government.
On 14 May 2019, Amnesty International condemned Saudi Arabia for detaining several women human rights defenders a year earlier and torturing them.
Giroux's philosophy is antispeciesist, in that she argues against discriminating against sentient beings because they lack human species membership.
The Pravo Ljudski Film Festival () is an annual human rights documentary film festival held in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It can never meet with global and unquestioned human approval.
The spotless smooth-hound is used for human consumption of its flesh and fins which are much esteemed.
In 2000, a group of companies and Wellcome conceptualized forming a Structural Genomics Consortium to focus on determining the three-dimensional structures of human proteins.
 T-1 visa, allowing victims of human trafficking to remain in the United States
Verger has won a number of awards, including the Human Rights Award in 1991.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group, reported 258 deaths (142 civilians and 116 government fighters), in addition to 63 ISIL fighters.
 Agnès Callamard (born 1965), French human rights expert and Secretary General of Amnesty International
in the early 2000s Alan Hedge, professor of human factors and ergonomics at Cornell University published several studies about this technology.
She became a member of the European Foundation of Human Rights.
This place gained importance and was categorized as ceremonial center, which came to satisfy the religious needs of the inhabitants of a vast region, from Teotihuacan to the coast of the Gulf of Mexico, and also encouraged the emergence of human settlements in the area, allowing the confluence of various ethnic groups.
Presents a perspective that all human attempts at significance are illogical.
In Michael Oblowitz's 2001 movie The Breed, Lucy Westenra, played by Bai Ling, is a wealthy beautiful vampire artist and has a human detective boyfriend.
Delvaux frequently visited the Museum of Natural Sciences in Brussels to sketch human skeletons.
Siglec-F-induced apoptosis is mediated by caspase activation in mouse eosinophils and does not involve ROS, in contrast to the mechanism reported in Siglec-8–induced apoptosis of human eosinophils.
Hoping to create a clone Doomsday form by manipulating human DNA, Brainiac attempts to steal a prematurely born baby Superman is transporting to a Neo-Natal Intensive Care Unit, the newborn child of Pete Ross and Lana Lang.
In his 1996 book about Amiens, Michael T. Davis notes that part of Murray's original approach was to insist that to experience a cathedral, a modern visitor must use their imagination to fully appreciate "the 'joyful spectacle' of human agency" that made the cathedral possible.
The Human Rights Commission (Suhakam) has joined the ever increasing chorus calling for fresh state elections to resolve the political stalemate in Perak.
Her writing emphasizes social justice and human rights.
Major threats include habitat loss due to logging and human settlement.
This picture expressed the struggles of people caught by the Dust Bowl and raised awareness in other parts of the country of its reach and human cost.
The IMF's austerity policies were criticized as violating the Greek constitution and human rights.
John L. Scott of the Los Angeles Times called the film "long on bombing scenes but somewhat short on human drama."
In 1993, the human rights group, Middle East Watch, alleged that Israeli soldiers had targeted often unarmed Palestinians, some under the age of 16, for "premeditated assassinations" or targeted killing, a charge denied by Israeli officials.
A report by the International Federation for Human Rights stated:
It is estimated that bacterial protein-coding genes are 360 times more abundant than human genes.
 Human trafficking in the Philippines
 Human rights and Canadian foreign policy.
The bill was fought by the Colorado Department of Human Services which oversees youth corrections and was killed in committee.
The website's consensus reads, "As quirky as Being John Malkovich but not as funny, Human Nature feels too forced and unengaging."
This combination is thought to make it very difficult for the chimpanzees to reproduce the vocal intonations required for human language.
Several "BSE-related interim rules, including the ban on SRM from human food," were made permanent at this time.
 Cyberspace and Human Nature, Howard Rheingold.
Its aim is to have the gas processed at sea, get a fair and just return on Ireland's natural resources and to highlight human rights abuses alleged against Shell and the Irish state..
Both the Court of Justice of the European Union and the European Court of Human Rights have ruled that Hungary's policy of systematically deporting migrants to the Serbian border was unlawful.
They found Mohamed-Aggad and Mostefaï, who had begun using hostages as human shields.
Keigo's childhood friend and also Milky's human partner.
The basic unit of the Reactome database is a reaction; reactions are then grouped into causal chains to form pathways The Reactome data model allows us to represent many diverse processes in the human system, including the pathways of intermediary metabolism, regulatory pathways, and signal transduction, and high-level processes, such as the cell cycle.
Rowland argues that human culture estranges people from nature rather than returning them to it.
Kātyāyana believed, that the word-meaning relationship was not a result of human convention.
Josef Mengele (born 1911), war criminal and leader of the Nazi human experimentation programme, drowned while swimming off the Brazilian coast in 1979.
Price's research centers around human migration, natural resource use, environmental conservation, and regional development.
The term "hereditarian" is largely outdated, as the consensus of biologists and geneticists consider human behavior and psychology to derive from the interaction of genes and environment.
A central team from the trust provides support services for finance, ICT, procurement, human resources, catering, data, curriculum development, staff development, health and safety.
The SPP had a four-point program: Non-racial universal enfranchisement, opposition to incorporation into South Africa, adoption of the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights, and integration of Swaziland's white minority and Swazi majority and ending racial discrimination.
This is a co-evolution of the human system and the tool system.
Nostradamus is one of the human fighters.
Antichrist: Two Thousand Years of the Human Fascination With Evil.
Human Rights Service (HRS) is a Norwegian foundation established in 2001.
While a sting from this scorpion is extraordinarily painful, it normally would not kill a healthy adult human.
He argued that when faced with evidence against the existence of a loving God, such as the terminal illness of a child, theists will qualify their claims to allow for such evidence; for example they may suggest that God's love is different from human love.
The Human Tower of Museum of Catalonia's first board meeting was held on 26 July 1978.
United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights officials
Three members of the Armed Forces Revolutionary Council (AFRC) were found guilty of various human rights abuses, which included the recruitment of children for use in combat.
According to Human Rights Watch (HRW), the lack of independent information made the incident one of the most difficult stories for reporters in Beijing to report.
In socialist concepts, the Constitution guaranteed basic human rights and privileges to the citizen, such as tax exemption (1976 Constitution, Art.
It conducts research and analysis primarily on human development data from the United States at the national, state, and county levels.
Ivy cited one of the fundamental rules of the International Olympic Committee that the practice of sport is a human right.
He also chaired the council's Working Parties on Genetics and human behaviour (2000–2002) and The forensic use of bioinformation  (2006–2007).
The portrayal sparked debate in Germany due to publicity from commentators, film magazines, and newspapers, leading the German tabloid Bild to ask the question, "Are we allowed to show the monster as a human being?"
In 2013 she was awarded membership of the ACM SIGCHI Academy for her contributions to the field and professional community of human computer interaction.
At a debate on the human rights situation in Iran in the House of Lords on December 8, 2016, Lord Alton of Liverpool said, "The manifesto says: Cruel and degrading punishments will have no place in the future Iran.
If this long-term public-health goal could be achieved, poliomyelitis would follow smallpox as the second eradicated infectious human disease.
In late 1994, human rights activists became alarmed by the armed conflict in Chechnya.
Human trials of valproic acid in ALS patients did not improve survival or slow progression.
In particular, John Paul denies those ideas of morality that treat the human body as a "raw datum, separating man and how he uses his body from his greater meaning derived from the entirety of his person.
They promised to take an appeal to the European Court of Human Rights if necessary for violating the Italian Constitution.
Due to Sesame and Jageery, this candy is healthy for human body during winter season.
The loss of function for these genes may be even more significant in the development of human cancers, compared to the activation of oncogenes.
There was a number of documented cases of torture of detainees and the investigation was roundly criticized by Russian and international human rights groups.
They specialise, and have some of the leading advocates, in public and administrative law, human rights, commercial & international law.
Some have claimed that scientific knowledge of human fertilization was used to justify the stricter abortion laws that were codified during the nineteenth century.
Marjorie's work at that time, combined with her acute perception and entertaining style of writing, make this a very interesting account: it brings together insights into the politics of human rights and observations of the unusually wide range of people she then encountered.
Having thus persuaded his fellow Watchers to join him in his schemes to fornicate with women, Samyaza led his angelic brethren in their seduction of the human females for whom they yearned.
The study of which animals are capable of attributing knowledge and mental states to others, as well as the development of this ability in human ontogeny and phylogeny, has identified several behavioral precursors to theory of mind.
Research indicates that human induced greenhouse warming, and changes in the frequency and magnitude of El Niño (or the Indian Ocean Dipole), events are a trigger to this strong warming in the Indian Ocean.
They are anti-authoritarian and may contribute to Human Scale Development.
The True Story Court of Human Relations
Though he had moved to the right during his time as vice president, endorsing a Human Life Amendment and repudiating his earlier comments on "voodoo economics," Bush still faced opposition from many conservatives in the Republican Party.
In addition to these faculties, the campus also hosts the Max Plank Institute for Psycholinguistics, a world class research centre devoted to the understanding of human language and communication.
The latter actually shows the transformation still in progress; like many depictions the head is shown transformed, but most of the body remains human.
Her work with spinning and dyeing lead to a collaboration with  comedian Shazia Mirza on F*** Off, I'm a Hairy Woman, an hour long television documentary presented by Mirza in which the artist spun and made over 80 lingerie garment sets out of human hair.
human labor-power, works of art and natural resources, even though they may not be produced specifically for the market, or be non-reproducible goods.
Turtles and rats were not the only option for mutated animals; a rather large list was made available of animals that could be mutated in a wide variety of ways (intelligence, human looks, functioning hands, bipedalism, etc.).
Following his recent loss in Drome Matches without his Maxxor card since his Drome Match against Bruiser33, Tom first encountered him in his human form.
He is the author of numerous books including Faces in the Smoke: An Eyewitness Experience of Voodoo, Shamanism, Psychic Healing, and Other Amazing Human Powers and Explorer.
She represented the applicants in A, B and C v Ireland in the European Court of Human Rights in 2009.
During the last century, the global average land and sea surface temperature has increased due to an increased greenhouse effect from human activities.
Vee / Number 5 (voiced by Michaela Dietz) – A shapeshifting basilisk who had been posing as Luz in the human world by writing letters to Camila and keeping her unaware of the magic realm.
It was created to study bio-ethical issues such as the effects of income and residence on the availability of healthcare, the definition of death, patient consent, human research subjects, and genetic engineering, counseling and testing.
Solbec initiated human trials which also yielded encouraging results.
The traditional image of her as a remarkable yet human leader, throwing her yard-long breasts over her shoulders when going into battle astride an elephant, has been handed down from generation to generation.
In 2012 the law was also re-amended to strengthen the human rights protection of criminal suspects.
Also foreshadowed is Heinlein's fondness for the competent hero, a character who — though usually bearing normal human flaws — is rugged and self-responsible, able to do most things at least on a fundamental level and functioning with a high level of confidence and self-actualization.
Its diameter is about the same as human finger.
This discipline, though not focused on improving human reasoning outcomes as an end goal, is one in which the need for such improvement has been explicitly recognized, though the term "cognitive bias mitigation" is not universally used.
It is revealed in issue #0 of Worlds' Finest that this Selina was killed while trying to stop what she believed was a human trade ring.
The study found 134 genes that showed human lineage-specific increases in copy number, one of which, NBPF15 (then known as MGC8902, cDNA IMAGE:843276), contained six Olduvai domains.
The show's purpose was to bring correct information regarding human sexuality and relationships to those 13 to 25 years of age.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said it had the names of 26 confirmed dead near Latakia, while SOHR said most of the deaths were caused by machine-gunning.
Baul songs incorporate simple words expressing songs with deeper meanings involving creation, society, lifestyle and human emotions.
 The Enlightenment is discussed in the context of scientific knowledge applied to human rights and social progress.
In 2009, she advised Human Ecology undergraduates conducting survey research on the effectiveness of campus-based alcohol education.
Vidhya is the only human with whom the Sages will communicate, but when e learns that the depopulation effort will utilize deadly plagues, the Three August Sages and Whitacre Goddard attempt to assassinate er.
However, such a drastic evolutionary leap is unlikely, and therefore it is more likely that they, as well as many of the other fairy species actually evolved from a shared common ancestor, possibly even from an offshoot of human evolution.
Since the notation is made for human singing, it does not need to have the extended range of musical instruments.
The gut, which plays an important role in the human digestive system, determines the effectiveness of a drug by absorbing its chemical and biological properties selectively.
If the doomsday argument is not itself subject to these principles then its assumption that the human race's survival-time can be modeled using them appears to be a paradox (to Lansberg & Dewynne).
A more recent estimate is a ratio of 1.3:1 bacterial cells for every human cell, whereas the number of phages and viruses outnumber bacterial cells by at least a order of magnitude more.
She explains that when the human body is in deep sleep, its spirit wanders off, but they are connected through a rope in the form of a white light.
During this period, the greatest progress was made in coming to a better understanding of the defining properties of human language as a system of cognition.
His recent works focus on authority, human rights, democracy and beauty in Islam and Islamic law.
2010: First human to ride a motorcycle off the Rio-Niterói bridge over Guanabara Bay in Rio de Janeiro, Brasil.
This was a joint initiative of PRIO, the Norwegian Red Cross and the Norwegian Church Aid to help block the spread of small arms to areas where they are likely to be used in warfare, armed violence or human rights abuses.
(C) If the person engaging in the conduct thereby intentionally kills or attempts to kill the unborn child, that person shall instead of being punished under subparagraph (A), be punished as provided under sections 1111, 1112, and 1113 of this title for intentionally killing or attempting to kill a human being.
PHR-I states that "principles of human rights, medical ethics, and social justice are at the core of our worldview," and is against what it maintains to be the "ongoing occupation of the Palestinian Territory."
An anecdote supports this naming: long time back, this place had thick human settlement compared with the neighboring villages; the lands were also fertile that gave good amount of crops.
The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights adopted precautionary measures of protection for the entire leadership that make up the University Coalition in Nicaragua and that have led the civic protests against the government since 18 April.
And there are a huge number of social traits that occur in every human society.
Strength and Animals with Human Intelligence followed in 1991 and 1993.
French President Emmanuel Macron offered his congratulations: "Esther Duflo's magnificent Nobel Prize is a reminder that French economists are currently among the best in the world and shows that research in that field can have concrete impact on human welfare."
In 1994, Robertson was given the Canadian Lambda Award for Excellence in Human Rights and a portrait of her was inducted into the National Portrait Collection of The ArQuives: Canada's LGBTQ2+ Archives in 2002.
The value of natural resources to human society is not reflected in market prices because mostly natural resources are available free of charge.
When FOXP2 – a human gene responsible for speech and language – is spliced into mice, it allows them to learn more quickly and perform better in a variety of tests, according to a new study.
Even though the Spanish Jews engaged in many branches of human endeavor—agriculture, viticulture, industry, commerce, and the various handicrafts—it was the money business that procured to some of them their wealth and influence.
Findings showed that the human brain unintentionally extrapolates expectations about impending auditory input.
In human cells Vps34 associates with a regulatory subunit, PIK3R4(p150, Vps15).
The Shining Path (Sendero Luminoso) is of the major Peruvian rebel groups involved in the internal conflict of Peru and was found to be largely responsible for the human rights violations during the 1980s and 1990s.
He is egotistical, believing he is the only human worthy of Milla's trust.
He also took up human security topics as they relate to migration; after the 9/11 attacks, he convened a group of scholars to produce the volume, The Maze of Fear: Security and Migration After 9/11 (The New Press, 2004).
Most of the major Sumerian cities were destroyed, and Sumerian human losses were enormous: for the cities of Ur and Lagash, he records 8,049 killed, 5,460 "captured and enslaved" and 5,985 "expelled and annihilated".
This is a fact", continuing, "The human sacrifice and the cannibalism has been going on for years" in Hollywood and Washington, D.C.
Notable objectives that APEC Vietnam 2006 aimed to achieve included advancing free trade and investments, enhancing human security and building stronger societies and a more dynamic and harmonious community.
A Human Rights Watch article from 1994 does speak of very real abuses in Colombia, but does not mention non-Colombian sources.
There is no evidence of human presence in Kysuce in the 1st century CE and it is believed that the territory began to be used again by the first Slavs in the 5th century CE.
Organic materials such as human hair, shell, bone, feathers, ash and honey, are embedded in windows within the wood pillars, symbolising and memorialising the lives that lived around the site.
Kenyatta expressed this in his statement that "I have stood always for the purposes of human dignity in freedom, and for the values of tolerance and peace."
Since 2006, it has been the most cited human rights law journal in the world.
The BARC Training School is running Orientation Course for Engineering graduates and Science post-graduates (OCES) and serves as in-house human resource training centre for Department of Atomic Energy.
A total of 15 human DNA polymerases have been identified.
Another report published by European Police Office (EUROPOL) in the same year stated the organization is actively involving in money laundering, illicit drugs and human trafficking, as well as illegal immigration inside and outside the EU for funding and running its activities.
Human offspring do not fall neatly into the dichotomous categorization of precocial versus altricial, and instead Portmann proposes they are "secondarily altricial" at birth due to the underdevelopment of neurological and cognitive capabilities.
Richard Dicker of Human Rights Watch criticised the imposition of sanctions, stating that they "[mark] a stunning perversion of US sanctions, devised to penalize rights abusers and kleptocrats, to persecute those tasked with prosecuting international crimes".
Andrew "Andy" Cohen (born March 16, 1965) is an independent filmmaker and journalist whose work focuses on human rights issues and social change.
For instance, he minted coins without human images to be used in Jewish areas and acknowledged the sanctity of the Second Temple by employing priests as artisans in its construction.
The Cat costume was made of angora and human hair and was fitted with a cooling system.
Human activities lead to legacy effects on river sediments, which manifest themselves as changes to the location, amount and composition of sediments.
These powers were completely dormant while she was believed to be a baseline human, but later manifested in ways that Jean's never had.
The GNOME Human Interface Guidelines cite using a waste basket to eject a removable disk as an example of a metaphor taken beyond its reasonable use.
Burge broke his silence to say he found it hard to believe that Chicago political leadership could "even contemplate giving reparations to human vermin".
Illegal logging is linked to corruption, environmental issues and human rights concerns.
Asuru emphasizes the Ghuri tradition of honoring ancestors through wearing symbolic clothing and working for human rights.
For her portrayal of the human child actress Sarah Lynn in the episode "That's Too Much, Man!
I felt I had a lot of living and learning before I could get up and take on the enormity of the story and the human spirit she possessed."
The Tell-Tale Brain is Ramachandran at his best, a profoundly intriguing and compelling guide to the intricacies of the human brain.”
It’s not like we have ever done a human sacrifice on stage or anything like that.” 
He was also responsible for creating a theologically moderate party among Edwardseans that placed more emphasis on human action through means of grace.
 Human Torch Comics (1940 series) #8 - Timely Comics
Some human hosts can sprint and others can crawl.
This could be interpreted to mean that Christ had two independently acting aspects: a divine nature which performs miracles and a human nature which suffers.
There are ways to mitigate against solar radiation, but without much of an atmosphere, the only solution to the GCR flux is heavy shielding amounting to roughly 15 centimeters of steel, 1 meter of rock, or 3 meters of water, limiting human colonists to living underground most of the time.
It played an endgame with three chess pieces, automatically moving a white king and a rook to checkmate the black king moved by a human opponent.
It transforms to human, she use magics to transform.
The Human Rights Act 1998 incorporates the great majority of Convention rights directly into UK law.
Rabroom Jaws is voiced by  while his human form is portrayed by .
Maillard reaction products (MRPs) are diverse; some are beneficial to human health, while others are toxic.
Because the Human Life Amendment was being considered by Congress, some members of the group participated in civil disobedience by disrupting the hearings in Washington, which resulted in arrests and convictions.
Three sheep hunters, Bill Hanlon, Warren Ward and Mike Roche, discovered a number of artifacts and a human body in a melting glacier while hunting near the Yukon border on July 22, 1999 ().
Philosophical debates have arisen over the use of technology, with disagreements over whether technology improves the human condition or worsens it.
The episode's format is similar to season 2's "Paradigms of Human Memory", parodying the format of clip shows by creating sequences of flashbacks using entirely new footage.
Others, such as the piranha and barracuda, have a powerful bite and have sometimes attacked human bathers.
Gelman has also written for the MTV sketch series Human Giant and the Scott Aukerman & B. J. Porter created sketch pilot The Right Now!
Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, the Council of Europe and United Nations have asked the Spanish government to investigate the crimes of Franco's reign.
Carlos Conde of the Human Rights Watch also condemned the baby's death, denouncing it as a "new, unconscionable low" for the Philippine government.
The court asked 33 European governments to explain by February 2021 whether their failure to tackle global heating violates Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
Based on the relationship between human footprint length and body size, 12 Happisburgh prints which are preserved well enough to measure are consistent with individuals ranging from  in stature, which may mean some of the trackmakers were children.
A human activity that involves only hazards and no benefits calls for a legal regime of prohibition, not regulation.
After the dissolution of the Pontifical Council in January 2017, he was appointed as secretary delegate of newly erected Dicastery for Promoting Integral Human Development
The NASA Human Exploration Rover Challenge, previously known as the Great Moonbuggy Race, has run every year since 1994, and all but the first two have been held at the Space & Rocket Center.
Surprisingly he is still human.
By age 40, an estimated 50% to 85% of adults have contracted human cytomegalovirus (HCMV).
According to the National Red Data List in 2012, many freshwater habitats are degraded at an alarming rate due to rapid human interference.
"In a new book, Waistland, Deirdre Barrett points out that KFC or McDonald's would be happy to sell us tofu burgers and carrot strips, but our inner hunter-gatherer wants fat, and sugar, and salt - cravings that made sense for almost all of human existence, just accepting those past few thousand years.
The book argues that the earlier ape brain had evolved “mindmakers” and that the human mind arose when these were “rewired” by symbols.
This cosmic event, in which God has incarnated His presence in divine light, ushers in a dynamic and unprecedented age on earth, bringing forth universal Christ-consciousness into the world on a level never before experienced in human history.
Mnet ran a 12-episode show called Off the Record: Lee Hyori, which documented Lee's life on-set for three months; the show's purpose was to lessen the gap between the singer and her fans/anti-fans by letting them see that she is just another human being like everyone.
20-HETE constricts human artery preparations by directly activating the receptor for thromboxane A2.
(2007) When Languages Die: the extinction of the world's languages and the erosion of human knowledge.
The Council also publishes books: reports of meetings that it has organized, systematic collections of pontifical texts on a particular social question, studies on contemporary issues, such as the perspective of the Catholic Church on human rights, the environment, or the ethical dimensions of the economy, financial activities and the world of work.
Members of the Alliance have been leading calls for political action in response to the ongoing human rights abuses in the Xinjiang-Uyghur Autonomous Region, which include the forced internment of over one million Uyghurs and other Turkic Muslims in "re-education camps" and the ongoing Uyghur genocide.
Makino's account is one of only a few from Japanese veterans concerning human experimentation in Southeast Asia during World War II.
Coltan extraction causes problems that adjoin or overlap those caused by blood diamonds and uses similar methods such as smuggling across the porous Rwandan border, environmentalists and human rights workers began to speak of "conflict minerals" or "conflict resources" more generally.
This allows the visualization to be human readable, but the reduction in complexity can obscure relationships.
 2000, the - Grand Prix at the International Human Rights Festival "Stalker"
In 2007, Detachment 88 arrested and interrogated West Papuan human rights lawyer, Iwangin Sabar Olif, and charged him with incitement and insulting the head of state, because he sent an SMS text message critical of the Indonesian military and president.
‘Re-figuring Art, Re-articulating Figure: Indian Art 1870 – 1950’, Celebration of the Human Figure, Thinking Eye, New Delhi 2000.
The event is the third-largest in the city, following the Paris Marathon and the Paris Techno Parade, and includes about 60 associations, various human rights groups, political parties and several companies.
Some hid inside berries in order to enter human bodies and make them sick.
Infanticide was a widespread practice throughout human history that was mainly used to dispose of unwanted children, its main purpose the prevention of resources being spent on weak or disabled offspring.
He owned ten human beings in 1859.
Subsequently, cryogenic upper stage for GSLV rocket operationalised making India sixth country to have full launch capabilities and a new heavier-lift launcher GSLV Mk III was introduced in 2014 for heavier satellites and enabling human space missions.
It progressed as far as Phase 2b human clinical trials against Hepatitis C but showed only modest benefits in comparison to existing treatments, however it continues to be researched, and also shows activity against other viral diseases such as Zika virus and foot and mouth disease virus.
In a departure from how, in many aspects, Armageddon works to have the game heavily model characters and their interactions rather than relying on human interpretation, descriptions are "flat" text and "their effects are not regulated algorithmically".
For example, in 2006 EOP persuaded the Illinois Department of Human Rights to redact the names of workers who sue for arrest record discrimination from the IDHR's published opinions.
Palmer's introduction covers the period from the earliest signs of human civilization to 1300 CE.
The Sai organization promotes and advocates five human values: Sathya (truth), Dharma (Sanskrit word translated as "right conduct"), Ahimsa (non-violence), Prema (love for God and all his creatures) and Shanti (peace).
Food timeline Virginia Tech University Libraries and the College of Liberal Arts and Human Sciences (CLAHS)
The Department of Health and Human Services has defined housing insecurity by taking into account proportion to income, housing quality, neighborhoods, overcrowding, and homelessness.
Due to the high time resolution and sensitivity of the instrument used here, the development of vanillin in the person's breath can be monitored in real-time (please note that isoprene is shown in this figure because it is a product of human metabolism and therefore acts as an indicator for the breath cycles).
Proceedings of the SIGCHI conference on human factors in computing systems.
Corwin is also a founder of the Helfer Society, which is named after one of his first faculty preceptors at Michigan State University College of Human Medicine, Ray E. Helfer, MD.
Social attributions from faces bias human choices.
It works neither at the economic level nor at the level of satisfying essential human needs and liberties...
Integrated Personnel and Pay System-Army (IPPS-A) is  United States Army acquisition program that seeks to integrate human resources and pay for all Army Soldiers.
He lives in the Boston area and works as an independent scholar, writing books about research in the areas of education, parenting, and human behavior.
Clorimondo worries that he may have backed the losing side in this struggle and reflects on the transitory nature of human fortunes (Aria:Alza al ciel).
Kaposi's sarcoma is caused by human herpesvirus 8.
Aura A – 2002 – Consisting of four photographic images that combine contemporary images of landscapes with archive images documenting influential human activity on the land from the mid-1800s.
California Representation: Twelve Painters and the Human Figure, Santa Barbara Museum of Art, California, January 6–February 28
He is next cured again, and is human once more; although he feigns being a zombie so that he can remain with Fillmore-Graves.
With this product, the c-Myc protein functions in the processes of apoptosis and cell growth or development and as a transcriptional control on human telomerase reverse transcriptase.
He was a human rights defender, as well as the director of the Lumad school Alternative Learning Center for Agricultural and Livelihood Development (ALCADEV) of Surigao del Sur.
Additionally, human and some bacterial GALE isoforms reversibly catalyze the formation of UDP-N-acetylgalactosamine (UDP-GalNAc) from UDP-N-acetylglucosamine (UDP-GlcNAc) in the presence of NAD+, an initial step in glycoprotein or glycolipid synthesis.
Features are the non-portable part of the archaeological record, whether standing structures or traces of human activities left in the soil.
There Gustavson created the Human Bomb (premiering in Police Comics #1, Aug. 1941), signing the earliest episodes with the pseudonym 'Paul Carroll.
Respect of Human Rights and Gender Equality
Titilola Obilade has written journal articles and book chapters on the Ebola virus disease, the political economies of infectious diseases, distance education, human computer interaction and other educational technologies.
Most  from human activities is released from burning coal, petroleum, and natural gas.
While imprisoned in the Arena Cell, both Miguel (Spider-Man) and Relur (the Human Torch) reveal their identities to each other.
He felt inspired to use the album as social commentary, feeling that "the time has come for real awareness of surroundings for myself and other human beings."
Social exchange theory – is an economic social theory that assumes human relationships are based on rational choice and cost-benefit analyses.
Belgium interprets the freedoms of speech, assembly and association in a manner consistent with the European Convention on Human Rights.
"The Dumb Waiter.... achieves, through its unique blend of absurdity, farce, and surface realism, a profoundly moving statement about the modern human condition".
Ansel spends much of the following years working closely with Lord Jesse MacGregor, as the two exiled Deryni secretly work with the rest of the Council to protect Deryni and overthrow the human lords of state, often personally enacting the plans and decisions made by the Council as a whole.
Nevins argued that economic development in the United States caused relatively little human suffering, while raising the general standard of living and making the United States the great industrial power capable of defeating Germany in both world wars.
The interpretation of the International Covenant for Civil and Political Rights offered by the United Nations Human Rights Committee in the General Comment 25 states "Any conditions which apply to the exercise of the rights protected by article 25 (of the ICCPR) should be based on objective and reasonable criteria.
 is an overconfident alien privateer who believes in discarding something of lesser value in order to gain something more valuable and is capable of assuming a human form.
This possibility is referenced in Foundation and Earth where it is discovered that the Solarians possess a strong police force of unspecified size that has been programmed to identify only the Solarian race as human.
One important area which required immediate attention was the system of governance and organization of human knowledge, which was deemed inadequate to address the threats to planetary health.
On the economic level, he stated that "industry must not be allowed to destroy human beings, but that on the contrary the State must regulate it in order to make the lives of the masses happier."
Passengers included members of Parliament from around the world, U.N., human rights and trade union activists, as well as journalists  to document the largest coordinated effort to directly confront Israel's blockade of Gaza and take in basic supplies.
Before joining the UN as a UK-sponsored Junior Professional Officer (JPO) in 1992, Lanzer worked for human rights organisations in Brazil and Chile.
Alan Boisragon, one of the survivors of the Benin Massacre, included references of the practice of human sacrifice in the city in a firsthand account written in 1898 (one year after the Punitive Expedition).
Pogge states that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights  gives people specific economic rights  and including  "Everyone has a right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and his family, including food, clothing, housing and medical care.
Among the white races, he distinguishes the Aryan race as the pinnacle of human development, the basis of all European aristocracies.
This protein localizes to the tail of permeabilized human sperm and contains eight contiguous armadillo repeats, a motif known to mediate protein-protein interactions.
Taylorism focused on the organization of the work process, and human relations helped workers adapt to the new procedures.
Together with the skeletal system in the human, it forms the musculoskeletal system, which is responsible for the movement of the body.
International Coalition to End Torture (commonly known as End Torture and ICET) is a non-governmental organisation focused on raising awareness of human rights and the United Nations Convention Against Torture around the world by knowing them, demanding them, and defending them.
He had a number of jobs in human resources and started managing an environmental education NGO.
She expressed her faith that Gentiles have a share in salvation, confessing that his messiahship transcends human segregations of Jew, Gentile, man or woman.
Human Rights Watch criticized that threats and intimidation were used by the LTTE to force Tamil families in Sri Lanka to furnish children for military duty.
In her publications, she unveils the processes at work in human interpretation of the trace and, in line with the works of Jacques Derrida, encourages scientists who are concerned with epistemology to proceed with a systematic "deconstruction" of the term.
The Invention of Yesterday: A 50,000-Year History of Human Culture, Conflict, and Connection.
He developed an interest in human rights, which he said comes from his experience of "belonging to a despised minority", after meeting Irish University lecturer David Norris and forming a relationship with him in Dublin when they met at Christmas in 1975.
Baldwin ran as the Democratic nominee against Republican nominee Tommy Thompson, who had formerly been governor and Secretary of Health and Human Services.
 Section 4 of the Human Rights Act 1998
She continues her activism for transgender and human rights.
 Human Rights Council Network, https://web.archive.org/web/20080509063441/http://www.see-hrc.net/index.htm
Trump refused to publicly criticize China's human rights violations and refused to issue a statement marking the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre, saying "that was 15 years ago."
In the late 1970s and early 1980s the material was used with the brand names of Hylartin and Hylartin Vetused in human and veterinary clinical trials (race horses) to treat osteoarthritis.
After his retirement from NCIS in 2013, Clookie worked for an international human rights organization until 2017.
MtDNA is DNA located in mitochondria, an organelle that is found in human cells.
"The Teouma Lapita site and the early human settlement of the Pacific Islands"
It is functionally imprinted in the human kidney, where only the paternal allele is expressed, but not in the foetal kidney.
Leslie James Pickering is an American activist and former spokesperson for the Earth Liberation Front Press Office advocating for political and social justice, human rights, and environmental protection.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay stated that Visa, MasterCard, and Amazon may be "violating WikiLeaks' right to freedom of expression" by withdrawing their services.
As one of the Catalan Countries, Andorra is home to a team of castellers, or Catalan human tower builders.
The car was unveiled to the public on October 4 at the Human Rights Foundation's Oslo Freedom Forum in Miami.
She was awarded an OBE for her human rights work in 2001.
The school is also well-known for its research in genomics and bioinformatics, and played a critical role in the Human Genome Project.
Human beings first settled in northeast Ohio about 11,000 BCE, at the end of the Wisconsin Glaciation.
Thesis (doctorate) - State University of Campinas, Institute of Philosophy and Human Sciences, Campinas, 2016, link.
In 2004, Viloria testified before the San Francisco Human Rights Commission on the need to ban medically unnecessary cosmetic genital surgeries on intersex infants and children.
The character was largely inspired by real-life murderer Ed Gein, who also wore masks made of human skin.
 The qanat or kareez of Persia are water management systems used to provide a reliable supply of water to human settlements or for irrigation in hot, arid and semi-arid climates.
The World Health Organization classifies amoxicillin/clavulanic-acid as critically important for human medicine.
The Bion spacecraft were based on the Zenit spacecraft and launches began in 1973 with primary emphasis on the problems of radiation effects on human beings.
The Hari present among them, though not human, thinks and feels as though she were.
 a threat or benefit to human well-being,
These courts all held that, while policing the protestors near the Holy Cross school, the police had not violated the Article 3 right of any child or any other person to be protected against ill-treatment (citing the decision of the Grand Chamber of the European Court of Human rights in Osman v UK).
Jean-Jacques Cassiman (born 25 April 1943 in Brussels) is a Belgian researcher and professor of human genetics.
In response, the National Organization for Women, the National Education Association, the gay rights group Human Rights Campaign, GOProud (a GOP group), and the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force asked for DeMint's apology.
The Human Rights Chamber for Bosnia and Herzegovina (), which was active between March 1996 and 31 December 2003, was a judicial body established in Bosnia and Herzegovina within the Annex 6 to the General Framework Agreement for Peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina (Dayton Peace Agreement).
A recent report from the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan estimated that in 2009, 46 percent of unlawful female killings in Pakistan were "honour killings".
Rovaja's de facto foreign minister Sinam Mohamed in June 2016 acknowledged that there have been reports of some abuses by YPG forces and that she believes this does happen from time to time, however pointed to the human rights training that YPG forces since receive.
But human culture has taught them otherwise...
Women’s rights are human rights and they have to be a priority."
Gillian Triggs, international legal academic and President of the Australian Human Rights Commission
Human Traffic was critically well-received with largely positive reviews, and has achieved cult status, especially amongst subcultures such as the rave culture.
The rationale behind exterminating the population of swine was to decrease the use of potatoes and turnips for animal consumption, transitioning all foods toward human consumption.
Since 1981, economic development, democratization, and rising social tolerance have increased the extent to which people perceive that they have free choice, which in turn has led to higher levels of happiness around the world, which supports the human development theory.
But their partnership blossomed with Human Market (인간시장), adapted from Kim Hong-shin's bestseller and which became one of the classics of 1980s Korean TV (SBS would later remake it in 2004).
In particular, he was regarded in the Romantic era as embodying the lone genius whose efforts to improve human existence could also result in tragedy: Mary Shelley, for instance, gave The Modern Prometheus as the subtitle to her novel Frankenstein (1818).
Traditionalists still object to the idea that diversity in life, including human beings, arose through natural processes without a need for supernatural intervention, and they argue against evolution on the basis that it contradicts their literal interpretation of creation myths about separate "created kinds".
Her award winning feature documentary Cotton Road (2014) is about the commodity of cotton and the human labor required to transform it as it travels from farms and factories to consumers.
It explains the psychology of con artists - how fraudsters know how to manipulate human emotions.
They mobilize resources to provide goods and services to people who have been affected by a natural disaster; they drive change, and partner with other organizations to tackle problems and address human needs.
She reports on health, human rights, and politics in South Asia.
Human rights activists and Uladzimir Niaklajeu consider this case to be politically motivated.
Another approach is to assay ancestry informative markers (AIMs), SNPs that vary in frequency between the major human populations.
"Culpable homicide" has been defined (in South African law) simply as "the unlawful negligent killing of a human being", the rough equivalent of involuntary manslaughter in Anglo-American law.
In 2005, Gorst was appointed as an assistant minister in the Chief Minister's Department, with responsibility for decisions about migration and human resources.
Kugler attended the first meeting of the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights on "intolerance and discrimination against Christians" as a representative of the Documentation Centre.
The workers have stated that it's not just about better compensation, it's about human dignity.
He has contributed to the direct radiocarbon dating of original human fossils, and through that work to insights into their diets through the analysis of carbon (C) and nitrogen (N) stable isotopes.
This has led to accusations of double standards from mainstream UK media, Human Rights NGOs, Religious Organisations and Racial Equality Groups regarding the Home Secretary Theresa May's selective application of the law.
Best coined the term "extensional self-defence" to describe actions carried out in defense of animals by human beings acting as proxies.
ardent, almost obsessive, Croatian nationalist whose bigotry was softened only by his piety and a measure of human kindness.
In 2018, she addressed the United Nation's Human Rights Council in Geneva, calling for an end to the intimidation of journalists by the Iranian authorities.
El-Hibir and Ismail promised that prosecutions would be carried out for the killing of peaceful protestors during the September–October 2013 protests, for the 3 June 2019 Khartoum massacre (investigated in the Khartoum massacre investigation), and for any other human rights violations during the Omar al-Bashir era.
With the help of Spider-Man and the Human Torch, he was able to save the day and the station safely crashed into the ocean, its employees all alive and well.
These are all considered to be pseudoscience today, evolving from the human desire to know the future in advance.
The FSM national police would have jurisdiction over transnational trafficking crimes, although no specific or comprehensive federal laws prohibit forms of human trafficking such as slavery, forced labor, or forced prostitution.
Composed almost entirely of muscle, Jimmy-6's massive frame grants him peak human strength and resists many penetration wounds.
Internal CSR includes human resources/capital management, health and safety standards, adaptation to innovation and change, and the quality of management within the organization.
This included 662 blood tests to inform the longitudinal athlete biological passport programme, 161 blood tests specifically directed at identifying usage of either human growth hormone and/or erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (EPO), 54 out-of-competition urine tests and 528 urine tests conducted on-site (which also incorporates 239 for EPO analysis).
 Razing Rafah Human Rights Watch report on use of tunnels as pretext for mass home demolitions
Evading detection by the authorities and media enabled the group to focus on Do and Ti's doctrine of helping members of the crew achieve a "higher evolutionary level" above human, which they claimed to have already reached.
Associate Professor Kristine Kay Barlow-Stewart – For significant service to medicine in the field of human genetics, and to education.
It is also noteworthy that Article 10 the declaration directly affirms the UN's Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In his philosophical works, he opposed the prevailing Western opinion that the human mind on its own is enough for reaching the absolute truth.
The term looking glass self was created by American sociologist Charles Horton Cooley in 1902, and introduced into his work Human Nature and the Social Order.
As 20 women serving in the United States Senate we stand unified in calling on governments to recognize the universal human rights of women and to release women who have been imprisoned unjustly for exercising those rights.
The group released a new album, Half Human, Half Live, in April 2008.
She had a young and beautiful heart with a primitive vitality, and in her we could feel a natural and unpolished beauty of human nature.
Human security is an emerging school of thought about the practice of international security.
A chimney is an architectural ventilation structure made of masonry, clay or metal that isolates hot toxic exhaust gases or smoke produced by a boiler, stove, furnace, incinerator or fireplace from human living areas.
The topic of human rights in Asia is one that encompasses an immense number of states, international governmental organizations, and non-governmental organizations.
 Nomzamo Mbatha (born 1990), South African actress, television personality, and human rights activist
She fights her way to freedom, only to discover two incredible facts: She is a dog, and she can understand human speech.
The human images often include stylized headdresses.
Mario Enrique Ríos Montt took over in this year his duties in the Office of Human Rights of the Archdiocese of Guatemala (ODHA) and became an influential and powerful opponent of his brother.
These inhabitants of the Dreaming are often gods, myths, and even ordinary human beings who later became dreams.
According to Bevans, contextualization is a better term than indigenization to describe social location and particular experience because it "broadens the understanding of culture to include social, political, and economic questions," while indigenization merely focuses on the "purely cultural dimension of human experience."
Fleur Dis Lee's human counterpart appears in My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Friendship Games as a student of Crystal Prep.
If we are not careful, creationism could become a threat to human rights."
The nuclear matrix composition on human cells has been proven to be cell type and tumor specific.
Goodman sees schools as mechanisms for adjusting youth to an automated society increasingly absent "any human values".
An even younger object discovered in Goyet, attributed to the Iron Age (around 500 BCE), is a knife made from a human rib.
"In the earlier years I exposed stupidity, prejudices and ignorance, ridiculed childish romanticism and empty rhetoric, fought serfdom and denounced abuses of power, documented the emergence of the first flowers of our nihilism, which has now had their fruits, and finally have taken on human kind's worst enemy, Baal, the golden calf of worship...
Deeming the charges against him "politically motivated", Human Rights Watch called for al-Mir's immediate release.
It aims to serve this cause by advocating the establishing of a new political system that provides an economic, political and cultural ambience, which is conducive to a rapid human biological and spiritual evolutionary march.
Leeson's earlier works drew interest from themes within science fiction and assemblages of the human body and sexuality.
In addition to describing these diverse human qualities, generous became a word during this period used to describe fertile land, the strength of animal breeds, abundant provisions of food, vibrancy of colors, the strength of liquor, and the potency of medicine.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Human Resources Management
1997 Patrick V. Kirch (anthropology), for the unique breadth of his distinguished anthropological accomplishments, spanning many Pacific islands and joining their archeology with ethnobotany, ethnobiohistory, historical linguistics, and human biology.
In 2003, Leech Lake Tribal College separated from the Tribal Council and assumed its own accounting and human resources functions.
As a film maker, Fahmi won the "Most Outstanding Human Rights Film" at the 2007 Freedom Film Fest, for his documentary, Sepuluh Tahun Sebelum Merdeka (Ten Years Before Independence), which he says presents a story about Malaysians' struggle for independence, and the contributions of the political left.
As stated before, the purpose of job analysis is to combine the task demands of a job with our knowledge of human attributes and produce a theory of behavior for the job in question.
Human and animal forms, limbs, faces, and abstract sexual organs also hover in the foreground.
Brussels; Perspectives for a European Capital, Brussels: Editions Aliter, 2007 - won the Gerald L. Young Book Award of the Society of Human Ecology, Washington, 2008
 Human shield, the use of civilians to deter an attack in warfare
Thus the whole piece becomes for us human beings the fantastic picture of an eternal cycle.
When the game had finished, the human player observed the game's outcome.
Da Silva's doctoral thesis was titled "Activin and Neurotrophin Regulation of Human Follicular Development and Bovine Oocyte Maturation" and investigated egg cell maturation and the development of the ovaries.
There is evidence that human habitation in the Arabian Peninsula dates back to about 63,000 years ago.
After realizing how short human lives were compared to her immortality, she goes away to use the power of the snakes to create a Never Ending World (The Heat Haze) where she could live with her family forever.
Police searched  López's shop and former residences for additional human remains, but did not find any.
On December 21, 2021, Gold Medalist announced that it will produce and promote actor Kim Soo-hyun's digital human together with EVR Studio.
The government lacked a trafficking-specific national plan of action; its 2012 human rights national action plan included some anti-trafficking efforts.
For instance, yeast cells have been estimated to contain about 50 million proteins and human cells on the order of 1 to 3 billion.
He contends that these goals work against technical perfection, durability, social efficiency, and overall human satisfaction.
Registered at the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, the organization serves to educate the public regarding contemporary Lipan Apaches and Lower Rio Grande indigenous peoples' legal challenges to human rights violations by the Department of Homeland Security in the process of constructing the Texas-Mexico border wall.
 Béatrice Lazat - VP Human Resources
Prosthetic robots are programmable manipulators or devices for missing human limbs.
These chlorinated compounds are emitted during cleaning applications, some of which are toxic and probable human carcinogens.
Despite the opposition event highlighting human rights abuses regarding the military lockdown of Kashmir, the populist view of Modi as a purifier of corruption and defender of the Indian people persists among much of India.
On the Falkland Islands it makes use of human altered habitat as well but is most numerous in tussac grasses near beaches.
The Human Rights Watch report welcomed improvements in the law made by the UAE since their previous report in 2009 such as the introduction of minimum standards for workers accommodation.
The 44.1 kHz sampling rate of the CD format, in theory, restricts CD information losses to above the theoretical upper-frequency limit of human hearing – 20 kHz, see Nyquist limit.
Since the early 20th century, "peace education" programs around the world have represented a spectrum of focal themes, including anti-nuclearism, international understanding, environmental responsibility, communication skills, nonviolence, conflict resolution techniques, democracy, human rights awareness, tolerance of diversity, coexistence and gender equality.
The former is a story about an imaginary confrontation of King Zaqqum of Iraq and Prophet Muhammed of Arabia while the latter is story about the Jinns, the other creation parallel to human beings as taught by the Qur'an.
Ideas such as remodelling of the alveolar bone, root elongation and to a certain extent, the most probable reasoning for tooth eruption in human beings is the formation of the periodontal ligament.
Although the words don't reveal the subject of this track, it suggests that the expression "promises of light" refers to children as the hope for human kind.
In 1993, the UN's human rights committee declared that article 18 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights "protects theistic, non-theistic and atheistic beliefs, as well as the right not to profess any religion or belief."
She also landed her first Japanese-speaking role for the dramatization of Yushi Okajima's book '', bringing the human form of Database Management System to life.
 Ancora Psychiatric Hospital – NJ Department of Human Services
Femi Falana, Nigerian Lawyer and human rights activist.
With a new name, he became a masked vigilante, fighting American mobsters, human traffickers and foreign warlords, but also demons, cyborgs and other ninja.
During excavations evidence was discovered of Palaeolithic human and hominid activity.
As part of the immune response, human cells produce a cell-signalling protein called TNF-α which trigger thick bundles of septin filaments to encircle the microbes within the infected host cell.
According to Human rights organisations in Argentina, between 1,900 and 3,000 Jews were among the 30,000 who were targeted by the Argentine military junta.
Bellerive was also amongst the first organisations to warn of the potential human health hazards of modern intensive farming methods.
The individual guarantees that guarantee human liberty and dignity were inserted into the articles of the Charter and were respected.
Twin studies are a helpful tool in determining the heritability of disorders and human traits in general.
Petrol-powered farm equipment, such as tillers or mowers, may be pushed by a human or pulled by a horse.
Jacobson’s third monograph, A Series of Human Decisions, includes work from 2005-2009, as well as an interview between the artist and Ian Berry, curator at the Tang Museum.
According to the EPA Office of Air and Radiation, indoor air is more polluted than outdoor air, and is in the top five human health risks.
While taking a tour of the base, he is disturbed to see a television broadcast featuring human UFO expert and astronomer Professor Allan Duncan (Robert Vaughn) discussing Rameses' abductions.
Richard's book, 'Every Human Intention: Japan in the New Century' (2021), includes a lengthy account of the community's experiences.
Madison Marquette developers worked with archaeologists and Ohlone tribe representatives in order to avoid disturbing the human remains.
He creates black and white photographs that are "simple and spare, yet quietly overpowering with their evocation of a history on a scale beyond that of individual human lives."
Featuring a soulful vocal line and a slow drum beat, "Midnight in a Perfect World" is based around mournful piano sampled from the 1969 song "The Human Abstract" by David Axelrod.
A programme for good governance and human rights in Georgia and a programme for displaced people.
The anthology brings bridges substantial human experiences: from love to sorrow, passing through social commitment.
He was behind numerous assassinations and human rights abuses such as the 1974 abduction and forced disappearance of Socialist Party leader Victor Olea Alegria.
Topics include human suffering and sinfulness, animal suffering, and the problem of hell, and seeks to reconcile these with an omnipotent force beyond ourselves.
His authoritarian regime was characterized by numerous human rights violations.
At this same time the advent of MTV swept the nation and groups like A-Ha, Human League, Spandau Ballet, and The Clash curiously caught TFOX's attention.
The machines also fired a pulsing green ray (referred to in dialog as "a skeleton beam") from their wingtips, generating a distinctive sound, also disintegrating their human targets; this second weapon is a replacement for the chemical weapon black smoke described in Wells' novel.
Building the Competitive Workforce: Investing in Human Capital for Corporate Success (editor; 1993)
In 2011, Haaretz reported that Leahy (D-VT), after being approached by constituents in Vermont, was pushing clauses that would bar aid to three elite Israeli military units that have been accused of human rights violations in the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza.
Hundreds of Polish Facebook groups such as "Stop White Genocide" have produced and disseminated images depicting African and Middle eastern people as belonging to separate "primitive" species, lacking the human intelligence of white Europeans.
The human figure represents the pilot who guides the test effort to reach its goals.
The concours, called B/L (the A/L concours standing for the traditional letters and human sciences), greatly emphasises proficiency in mathematics and economics alongside training in philosophy and literature.
Immediately, Hall received backlash from readers and the black community, but she did not back down stating, "A warts-and-all portrayal of Dr. King is important because there's this extraordinary human being who is actually quite ordinary.
SDS 1.4 set out how Essex Police would treat those whom they had reason to investigate in connection with criminal offences "according to the principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights ... based on the dignity and worth of the individual".
However, what specifically differentiated and made the GM-NAA I/O as the first of its kind was that instead of having a human operator manually load each program as what previous systems were only capable of doing, computerized software as used on GM-NAA I/O, thereafter handled the scheduling, management, and multi-tasking of all computer applications.
A seminar of Islamic scholars in Kuwait on genetics and genetic engineering in October 1998 concluded that although there are fears about the possibility of the harmful effects of GM food technology and GM food products on human beings and the environment, there are no laws within Islam which stop the genetic modification of food crops and animals.
Using a human to computer interface, known as an Interphase, Chad sets out to destroy a particularly dangerous DreamTrack stored in a high security building.
Thalamocortical alpha frequency oscillations have been noted in the human occipital-parietal cortex.
* Towards human receptors unless otherwise specified.
He was appointed senior investigator at NIAMD, and in time became Chief of Human Biochemical Genetics.
Andrew Revkin writing for the New York Times described Watson as an "outspoken advocate of the idea that human actions—mainly burning coal and oil—are contributing to global warming and must be changed to avert environmental upheavals."
Melanchthon took part also in a controversy with Stancaro, who held that Christ was our justification only according to his human nature.
 United Nations Human Development Reports
Almost every time it starts to get to the point where we might actually become engrossed in the film, director Tommy Lee Wallace throws in something corny like ... oh, like a human decapitation scene that shows just how much the producers invested in latex.
The law has been found to violate human rights, and for this reason, Austria was forced to repeal large parts of it, notably the ban on members of the Habsburg family entering Austria, before being admitted to the European Union in 1995.
work accidents, human rights abuses).
They are supplied with a lot of equipment as high-quality human resources.
The first recombinant plant-derived protein (PDP) was human serum albumin, initially produced in 1990 in transgenic tobacco and potato plants.
He has established the Virtual Reality Laboratory at the School of Ed, and he is conducting studies on various aspects of the Human User Learning Interface of Virtual Reality.
Writing for The New York Times, Anthony Lewis said:  "Once in a while we read a book that puts the urgencies of our time and ourselves in perspective, making us confront the darker realities of human nature."
The Dictionary of Human Geography uses the definition of colonialism as "enduring relationship of domination and mode of dispossession, usually (or at least initially) between an indigenous (or enslaved) majority and a minority of interlopers (colonizers), who are convinced of their own superiority, pursue their own interests, and exercise power through a mixture of coercion, persuasion, conflict and collaboration."
Another human rights organization, Prisoners of Conscience, reported an additional case of a Saudi male who posted critical comments on Twitter under the handle @albna5y and was imprisoned in September 2017.
It was this movement which fuelled the development of 'access to information' as a right in the sense of a human right.
The show centers the main dog protagonist and a young human companion, 12-year-old female Wendy Scott, in the place of the novel's male trail guide, Weedon Scott.
The high technology of the Hexamon civilization, with their control over genetic engineering, human augmentation  (including post-symbolic communication), the concept of parallel universes, alternate timelines and the manipulation of space-time itself are major themes in the latter half of the novel.
Yakobovich was leading the Camera Documentation Project at the Israeli human rights organization B'Tselem at the time and had the idea to take the idea behind the project global.
Several parties become aware of the content of his speech (that using mathematical formulas, it may be possible to predict the future course of human history).
Police then formed a human barrier between the two groups and blocked the movement of the counter-protesters while escorting the Aryan Guard down Stephen Avenue and up the steps of City Hall, where they waved flags proclaiming "White Pride Worldwide".
"Ever-growing documentation of human prehistory as a very long period of largely non-alienated life stands in sharp contrast to the increasingly stark failures of untenable modernity."
Meanwhile, Johnny has become the Human Torch and flies off to intercept the laser's shot, deflecting away from the city and into outer space.
The way the user transforms perceptions into actions is called Human transfer function, and the way the system transforms signals into display information is called System transfer function.
 Recipient of Junior Fellowship in dance from Ministry of Human Resource Development, govt.
A mesmerizing and powerfully human spectacle."
It is our duty as human beings to report the truth as we see it."
Rhophylac human anti-D immunoglobulin.
Greenspan continues that The Wealth of Nations was "one of the great achievements in human intellectual history".
STOM, also known as Stomatin, is a human gene
We just were very different human beings," Grant said.
Journal of Human Evolution, 36(6), 719-741.
In 1932, Ozaki covered the First Battle of Shanghai, and was shocked to see Japanese soldiers execute Chinese POWs on the streets of Shanghai on the grounds that Chinese were mere "ants", not human beings, an event that deeply traumatized him.
Headington School, Oxford, Oxfordshire - Human Cloning
Besides a volume of sermons under the title Christ's Healing Touch, Mackennal published The Biblical Scheme of Nature and of Man, The Christian Testimony, the Letters to the Seven Churches of Asia, The Kingdom of the Lord Jesus and The Eternal God and the Human Sonship.
In recent years, the human inhabitants of Christmas Island have become more tolerant and respectful of the crabs during their annual migration and are now more cautious while driving, which helps to minimise crab casualties.
On 26 July, UN High Commissioner for Human rights Michelle Bachelet reported that at more than 450 civilians had been killed during the previous 10 days and attributed 103 of those deaths to airstrikes.
The Center conducts research across business sectors to examine how business practices influence human rights outcomes.
This has often placed Native Americans at odds with archaeologists who have often dug on Native American burial grounds and other sites considered sacred, often removing artifacts and human remains – an act considered sacrilegious by many Native Americans.
In other words, Friends do not usually consider the Inner Light the conscience or moral sensibility but something higher and deeper that informs and sometimes corrects these aspects of human nature.
In May 2018, she presented a screening of her videos, along with the work of Bill Domonkos and Wheeler Winston Dixon at The Museum of Human Achievement in Austin, Texas.
She has also conducted an extensive list of projects on environmental issues and Human Rights, restoring the ecological function of property in indigenous reserves.
A Society Fit for Human Beings.
Demonstrate commitment to democracy, the rule of law, good governance, and protecting human rights and equality of opportunity.
A reviewer for The New York Dramatic Mirror stated, "It is rather difficult to understand by what magic the two signatures are made to appear in the court room without human agency.
In November 1964, the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission concluded that the Chester School Board had violated the law and ordered the Chester School District to desegregate the city's six predominantly African-American schools.
Skinner's philosophical views have left their mark in principles adopted by a small handful of utopian communities, such as Los Horcones and Twin Oaks, and in ongoing challenges to aversive techniques in control of human and animal behavior.
Plant communities vary with elevation, topography, and degree of human disturbance.
He, along with other Hindus in Pretoria, began a series of publications and Hindu organizations to bring Hindu community together, and then non-violently highlight and seek human rights.
The final report was released on June 3, 2019 and states that the high level of violence against Indigenous women, girls, and 2SLGBGQQIA people is a result of human and Indigenous rights violations and abuses within Canada.
Karen Irene Countryman-Roswurm (born June 5, 1980) is a Native American (Blackfoot) social worker, professor, and academic administrator who specializes in the field of human trafficking and other forms of exploitation.
In December 2021, detectives investigating the case arrested two men on suspicion of kidnap and human trafficking in relation to Gosden's disappearance.
In contrast to the elusiveness of the abstract notion of human dignity, the phenomenon of humiliation is tangible and instantly recognizable; so too is the notion of evil associated with it.
In the human GI tract, there are about 50 observed genera of fungi.
Cholera starts when infected human waste seeps into the water supply of a community.
Envious of God's attention, Stark and the others want to prevent Armageddon so that Heaven will not be overpopulated with human souls as well as prove to God that they – the seraphim – are his victors.
He analyzed language as a form of human behavior, rather than as an idealized expression of truth.
The tale features an inter-species marriage in which a snail transforms into a woman and becomes the bride of a male human.
He was a keynote speaker at the International Conference on LGBT Human Rights, part of the 2006 World Outgames, which led to the Declaration of Montreal.
The planned program eschewed division by academic discipline and preferred holistic study of human civilization, particularly ancient Athens and the contemporary United States.
There was criticism aimed at the decision to resurrect the entire crew of Red Dwarf, as it was felt this detracted from the series' central premise of Lister being the last human being alive.
Settlement sites from very early human habitation include Monte Verde, Cueva del Milodón and the Pali-Aike Crater's lava tube.
This search revealed human remains and other evidence connecting him to 26 of the missing women from the Downtown Eastside.
It is awarded to a person for their extraordinary contribution in any field of human endeavour.
Tawada's work also employs elements of magical realism, such as the animal and plant anthropomorphism in Memoirs of a Polar Bear, in order to challenge otherwise familiar boundaries, such as the distinction between human and animal.
It is not clear from Zeami's version of the tale what sort of spirit or demon Kawakatsu was meant to have been, but it is implied that from the time he was discovered in the jar to this point he was never truly human.
Helen Zimmern wrote in 1888 that the treatment of human skin and light in A Reading from Homer is among Alma-Tadema's best work, and that "he has certainly never modeled anything more perfect than the figures of woman and lover".
Identified by Lewis Henry Morgan in his 1871 work Systems of Consanguinity and Affinity of the Human Family, the Omaha system is one of the six major kinship systems (Eskimo, Hawaiian, Iroquois, Crow, Omaha, and Sudanese) which he identified internationally.
The Management Leadership Institute provides staff professional development training and technical assistance to social services agencies, including the Erie County Department of Social Services and the New York City Human Resources Administration.
His underlying concept was that all cultures are at least distant relatives of all other cultures because they are all human constructs.
The authors argue that the obstetrical dilemma hypothesis assumes that human, and therefore hominid, childbirth has been a painful and dangerous experience through the species' evolution.
The South Thompson has the watershed's oldest dated evidence of human habitation, at the Gore site near Pritchard.
Human Rights Watch however disapproved of the hangings.
US State Department Human Rights reports note a pattern of Roma children registered for "vagrancy and begging".
Howard cited fictional characters Ferris Bueller and Indiana Jones as influences because these characters, like Flynn, "are skilled but have a human side to them".
"Law is founded on morality for a person has natural obligations to self, family and society, which are inscribed in human nature and known by reason.
According to Randy Schekman, "these studies were influential in suggesting how certain human tumor viruses may combine with a cell's chromosome."
There have been variations in both land and sea levels in the Severn Estuary since the start of human habitation in the area.
In April 1834, there were serious disturbances broke out in Paris following the passing of a law to curtail the activities of the Republican Society of Human Rights (changing the allowed group sizes) which spread to Lyons.
During childhood, almost every human bone produces red blood cells; as adults, red blood cell production is limited to the larger bones: the bodies of the vertebrae, the breastbone (sternum), the ribcage, the pelvic bones, and the bones of the upper arms and legs.
Before all of this began however, there was a certain period of time commonly referred to as the "Great Battle of Heaven" before human beings supposedly had existed.
Additionally, the U.S. EPA uses the National Research Council's four-step process for human health risk assessment: (1) Hazard Identification, (2) Dose-Response Assessment, (3) Exposure Assessment, and (4) Risk Characterization.
James Roffee, a senior lecturer in criminology at Monash University and former worker on legal responses to familial sexual activity in England and Wales, and Scotland, discussed how the European Convention on Human Rights deems all familial sexual acts to be criminal, even if all parties give their full consent and are knowledgeable to all possible consequences.
Antonio Negri, The Labor of Job: The Biblical Text as a Parable of Human Labor.
Perhaps most obviously important to understanding the roles of modifier loci in causing human genetic disease is identifying them.
The experiment includes a human victim being heavily dosed with Nebula Gas and transformed into the Lost Smash by absorbing a pair of nearby Clone Smash.
Having previously characterized an imprinted domain located on proximal mouse chromosome 7/ human chromosome 19q13.4, his laboratory currently focuses on understanding regulatory mechanisms directing the mono-allelic expression of the seven imprinted genes in the cluster: Peg3, Usp29, Zfp264, APeg3 (paternally expressed) and  Zim1, Zim2, Zim3 (maternally expressed).
Rabbi Simlai expounded that a total of 613 commandments were communicated to Moses — 365 negative commandments, corresponding to the number of days in the solar year, and 248 positive commandments, corresponding to the number of the parts in the human body.
He was challenged on the basis of research done by the Nobel prize winning psychologist Roger Sperry who maintained that the human visual encounter was not limited to concepts represented in language alone (the linguistic turn) and that other forms of psychological representations of the work of art were equally defensible and demonstrable.
When he saw her he realized that Isadora was his muse: "To me it seemed that there, through her, was animated an ineffable frieze wherein divine frescoes slowly became human realities.
The goal of PAAET is to develop the national technical manpower and to meet human resource needs of the country through its two sectors: Education and Training.
However, Girard took this concept from Burke and developed it much more extensively as an interpretation of human culture.
F. W. Hope, On insects and their larvae occasionally found in the human body, in R. Entomol.
Gardiner received the Medal of the Order of Australia in the Queen's Birthday Honours in 2019 for service to the community through LGBTIQ and human rights organisations.
The entire human population goes into a panic.
The ERRC also creates legal submissions for international tribunals, such as the European court of human rights and for UN treaty bodies.
A member of Blackstone Chambers, he practises in a number of areas including human rights, administrative law and sports law.
Rey hoped for the raft imagery to metaphorically become quiet but strong reminders of human tragedies and triumphs.
In the 1990 film Clarence, in December 1989, Clarence again comes to Earth to assist a human, Rachel Logan, who is in need of his care.
On 23 March 2010, following a cabinet reshuffle, she was appointed as Minister of State at the Department of Justice and Law Reform, the Department of Children and Youth Affairs and the Department of Education and Skills with special responsibility for Equality, Human Rights and Integration.
When testing toxicity of food additives, food contaminants, and some drugs and chemicals the FDA uses beagles and miniature pigs as surrogates for direct human testing.
A Human girl who enjoys writing songs, but has difficulty singing in front of others despite her great singing voice.
However, Roaring Creek has not been affected by this, although it has been still impacted by human land use.
In 1998, Aloni received a special lifetime award of the Emil Grunzweig Human Rights Award by the Association for Civil Rights in Israel.
A broad spectrum of policy areas, ranging from Sustainable Human Development and Social Security,  Infrastructure and Knowledge Economy, Economic Governance and Public Administration to Sustainability of Growth and Development Prospects lie at the center of EDRC’s attention.
The team found it difficult working with skeletal creatures, as they lacked any muscular system, and as such had to be animated differently from their human counterparts.
The Weld Valley is home to a number of archaeological caves which contain evidence of human use dating back to at least 20,000 years ago.
It says his duty is to obscure human brains from the Truth of God.
"Yes" Einstein replied vehemently, "It is indeed human, as proved by Cardinal Pacelli (the future Pope Pius XII), who was behind the Concordat with Hitler.
Reviewing Copilăria unui netrebnics "ethnographic aspects", and judging them to be "often remarkable", Manolescu added: "Unfortunately, Ion Călugăru does not know how to extract from the specificity of the race and location that human universality that we find in genius writers like Joseph Roth or Bashevis-Singer."
The Massachusetts Department of Human Services investigated how her case was leaked.
The worldly concern of Confucianism rests upon the belief that human beings are fundamentally good, and teachable, improvable, and perfectible through personal and communal endeavor, especially self-cultivation and self-creation.
Like the other herpesviruses (Epstein–Barr virus, Human alphaherpesvirus 3, etc.
Public market was burned down and civilians were taken out from their home as a human shield as rebels withdraw.
1979-82,  Professor in the McGill Centre for Human Genetics.
The movie revolves with the story of human relationship and superstitions of patriarchal society.
In 2018, the Shaw Institute partnered with the international Plastics Health Coalition in order to advance understanding of the damaging effects of microplastics in the human body and to promote plastic reduction across multiple sectors on a global scale.
The State Human Rights Commission of Tamil Nadu become functional vied notification G.O.Ms: 1466 on 17 April 1997.
In order to ensure a smooth and efficient rollout of the project, it was decided to create BAM, (Antwerp Mobility Management Company, renamed Lantis in 2019), in order to provide the Flemish Government with an entity under public law with ample flexibility in matters of human resources and financial options.
), which works in the successor states of Yugoslavia for human rights and against nationalism.
Battle Chess can be played against a human opponent (by hotseat, null modem or over a local area network in some ports) or against the computer's artificial intelligence (AI).
In the US, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has launched a multi-agency Federal Research Action Plan on Recycled Tire Crumb Used on Playing Fields and Playgrounds to study key environmental human health questions concerning the safety of recycled tire crumb.
 Mildred Rogers, a character from Of Human Bondage
In accordance with the instructions of the Agency for Quality Assurance and Accreditation Austria  and the Knowledge and Human Development Authority (KHDA) in Dubai, a teach-out of the studies offered in Dubai takes place and will be completed in 2023.
This custom is still rooted in the cultural tradition of Andean communities, although human beings have been replaced by animals or special objects.
In 1948, Mathilda married Clemens Heller, a professor of human sciences at the University of Paris.
Also issued a statement in which he stressed that "only the dialogue and respect for human rights, including religious rights, and good will on both sides renouncing violence and force is the road that could lead to a lasting, peaceful solution to the conflict".
: The Struggle to Make Human Research Safe (2015)
In his book Market Price and Human Dignity () he argued for a conversion of the social state according to the views of economic liberalism in the Kronberger Kreis.
Ehrlich termed Simon the proponent of a "space-age cargo cult" of economists convinced that human creativity and ingenuity would create substitutes for scarce resources and reasserted the idea that population growth was outstripping the Earth's supplies of food, fresh water and minerals.
Since human settlement, first by Polynesians, non native trees, plants, and animals were introduced.
Thomas Jefferson: fighter for freedom and human rights, F. Ungar Pub.
Death masks were increasingly used by scientists from the late 18th century onwards to record variations in human physiognomy.
Christian tradition has explained sin as a fundamental aspect of human existence, brought about by original sin—also called ancestral sin, the fall of man stemming from Adam's rebellion in Eden by eating the forbidden fruit from the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
The human characters and, to a lesser extent, the animal ones were also criticized.
On 25 September 2008, at 21:10 CST, they launched into space as the first three-man crew for China aboard China's third human spaceflight mission.
In addition to episodes describing the human body's anatomical systems (the nervous, circulatory, skeletal and digestive systems each received an episode), episodes describing physical sciences such as astronomy, meteorology and electricity were also included, as was "The Energy Blues," an environmentalism-themed short.
In 2021 she was awarded the Homo Homini Award together with three other arrested Belarusian human rights activists.
Two clinical studies that involved administration of a range of doses of entolimod in 150 healthy human subjects have been completed.
As recently as 2004, Griet Vandermassen, aligned with other Darwinian feminists of the 1990s and early 2000s (decade), wrote that a unifying theory of human nature should include sexual selection.
She feels like she's testing the boundaries of something, and any human being always feels important no matter who they are.
Inovio is collaborating with Beijing Advaccine Biotechnology Co., a Chinese biotech firm, in order to speed its acceptance by regulatory authorities in China, with plans to begin human clinical trials of a candidate vaccine in China during the first half of 2020.
A physics textbook required students to find the colour of a bear, which was chasing a human up a tree.
Shortly after coming to America, Richard Olate met Rebecca Smith, a circus performer who performed as a human cannonball.
Deception technology considers the human attacker's point of view and method for exploiting and navigating networks to identify and exfiltrate data.
His lab was the first to develop an efficient technique to genetically modify human pluripotent stem cells, and differentiate them to model disease.
Uyghur and Tibetan activists have encouraged athletes, sponsors, and other international participants in the games to use the platform to speak out on human rights.
In 1986, he founded with Jürgen Micksch and others in Frankfurt Pro Asyl, a human rights organisation for refugees seeking asylum in Germany.
Krüger, D. W., Beyers, C. J., & Human Sciences Research Council.
The orator noted that some favored the gloomy side of human nature, believing man totally depraved.
On 25 October 1990, he said, "If the government is going to deny human rights, we should go not only to Geneva, but to any place in the world, or hell if necessary, and act against the government.
In criminal law, the right to a speedy trial is a human right under which it is asserted that a government prosecutor may not delay the trial of a criminal suspect arbitrarily and indefinitely.
Human Rights Watch said that their investigation in Gaza showed no evidence that the men were involved in militant activity.
The prison remained a site of human rights abuses until the Ethiopian People’s Revolutionary Democratic Front entered Addis Ababa on 28 May 1991, after which it became a normal prison.
Bélmez is well known as the location for a famous house purported to be haunted by apparitions that manifest as images of human faces in the foundation.
This was due to early Shinto cosmology, when the people believed the gods (kami) were above the human world and belonged to the most extraordinary and majestic parts of nature.
The UN has described the human rights situation in Haiti as "catastrophic".
Both in the popular press and in peer-reviewed articles, he has written about a wide variety of subjects that affect human development.
Proponents of the concept point to human autopsy results demonstrating brain hemorrhaging from fatal hits to the chest, including cases with handgun bullets.
The state is a relationship between human beings... one destroys it by entering into other relationships."
In 2001, four additional clusters of human bones and artefacts were discovered in the eastern part of the burial ground.
Additional reports documented the severe physical and mental harm inflicted by interrogation practices and human experimentation in Guantanamo Bay.
Her previous work identified a relationship between ambient UV radiation and risk of Kaposi sarcoma, possibly through reactivation of the causative virus, human herpesvirus 8.
Globally, pioneering experimental studies in the surgical technique of human organ transplantation were made in the early 1900s by the French surgeon Alexis Carrel, and successful transplants starting spreading worldwide after the Second World War.
In his view, there was a serious problem of human resources mismanagement in the bureaucracy as many officials were unsuitable for their jobs because they were either administratively incompetent or morally corrupt.
Indonesia and the Philippines contain about 77% of the regions coral reef systems, and with 98% of the Philippine coral reefs seriously threatened by human activities, it is obvious that there needs to be serious changes to the marine practices of the communities.
Its results were repeatedly reviewed and corrected by hand, and later users sent in errata so that by the late 70s the tagging was nearly perfect (allowing for some cases on which even human speakers might not agree).
In 1997 he joined Samba Financial Group as director of human resources until 2004.
Applications can be found in wide areas of human activity.
Water quality parameters such as clarity, oxygen content, nutrient concentration, temperature, sedimentation, pH,  salinity and others all have profound impacts on natural and human communities in coastal ecosystems.
. . comprising more than 10% of the human genome."
Human chromosomal region Xp22.3-p21.3 comprises the area between the pseudoautosomal boundary and the Duchenne muscular dystrophy gene (MIM 300377).
In the case of the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster, NASA managers overlooked the possibility of human error.
David Montgomery of The Washington Post comments that the film “puts a human face on all” the problems explored in the movie.
The human body subjects most, but not all, compounds to various chemical processes (i.e.
Miroslav Volf justifies the doctrine of final judgment by saying it provides a necessary restraint on human violence.
Four years later, Kerrigan invades the Dominion in search of a number of Xel'Naga artifacts; these artifacts are instead retrieved by Raynor at the behest of the Moebius Foundation, who assembles them into a device that reverts Kerrigan to a human and releases Amon's grip on her.
AIHA constructed the sustainable human resources capacity in order to provide consumer-oriented female health and health care.
After his tenure as president is over, Solidus takes control of the "Big Shell" offshore facility, which is being used to develop Arsenal Gear, a mobile undersea fortress designed to house and protect a network of AIs created to influence human development by filtering the availability of information across the Internet.
While these units are useful in energy calculations, W m−2, or in human lighting (lumens and lux), plant scientists now prefer to measure the photosynthetic photon flux density (PPFD), in units of μmol m−2s−1.
While the hurricane spawns hundreds of progeny, which, by novel's end, kill at least 1 billion people, two massively computer augmented human intelligences, both of whom witness their organic bodies die, race to corral a comet from beyond Pluto's orbit.
Christopher Lloyd as Mr. Clipboard, the representative for Brand X products in the human world.
The duties of the secretary revolve around human conditions and concerns in the United States.
In global alignment (meaning alignments of sequences along their entire length and not just a partial segment), the human α subunit shares 34% identity with the δ subunit and 26-27% identity with the β and γ subunits.
Her first published work was Alma Abierta (Open Soul) (Planeta Group, 2001), a beautiful collection of poems that deals with the conflicts of the human being in maturity.
Motivated by a growing revulsion to the increasing glamorization of the sex industry and in an effort to address the issue of human trafficking, in 2006 she began work at her home studio on what would become her second album, GJ and the PimpKillers.
At the same time a young woman from a prominent New York family goes missing, but when the stolen body is retrieved by Crane her relatives assert that these are not her human remains.
A number of visual illusions based on depth perception from the player's position can be found in the game's environment, such as two seemingly disparate human figures at different parts of the island that appear to be holding hands when viewed from the right position and angle.
The human life's mileage is not much different from the kilometer sign that shows the distance of the marathon.
One of the earliest finds is in an approximately 600,000-year-old site near Heidelberg, the location of the early human jawbone dubbed Mauer 1.
Nāga (Devanagari: नाग): reptilian beings (king cobras) from Hindu mythology said to live underground and interact with human beings on the surface.
According to a study by the Carnegie Institution for Science's Department of Global Energy, the annihilation of so many human beings and cities under Genghis Khan may have scrubbed as much as 700 million tonnes of carbon from the atmosphere by allowing forests to regrow on previously populated and cultivated land.
A song is also a good example of human synergy, taking more than one musical part and putting them together to create a song that has a much more dramatic effect than each of the parts when played individually.
The march concluded without incidents in the Parque Centenario near the government palace (Palacio Nacional), where Castañeda gave a speech in which he pointed out violations to human rights involving state security forces.
Her death is the only known fatal coyote attack on an adult as well as the only known fatal coyote attack on a human ever confirmed in Canada.
The theological core of the work and its content have been much discussed since the pre-Christian age, especially the problem of human misfortune and in particular the misfortune of the righteous in relation to the prevailing concept of divine justice.
The stable section of the Undercliff has evidence of long human occupation, with ancient churches at Bonchurch and St Lawrence, and archaeological evidence of Paleolithic and Neolithic habitation.
Bland returned to Mississippi and began employment as the Human Resources Director and Marketing Director with the G.A.
Knowing that Kromaggs play tricks on the human mind, Quinn speculated that this was not actually his mother.
 "Hunger", by Aurora from A Different Kind of Human (Step 2)
The Commission recommended monetary reparations for approximately 3000 victims of human rights violations during Rawlings' rule.
In her acceptance speech, Ebad criticized repression in Iran and insisted that Islam was compatible with democracy, human rights and freedom of opinion.
 Indicator 16.10.1 Number of verified cases of killing, kidnapping, enforced disappearance, arbitrary detention and torture of journalists, associated media personnel, trade unionists and human rights advocates in the previous 12 months.
We're Only Human (1935) as Mrs. Walsh
It was established and is managed by Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti, which is an autonomous organization of the Ministry of Human Resource Development, and Department of Secondary Education and Higher Education.
Christine Caine, a leader from Hillsong Church, founded The A21 Campaign organization in 2008 after she discovered what she believes to be insufficient action taken against human trafficking.
Several fossil genera are also known from throughout Eurasia, including one large species (Rhagamys) that persisted on Sardinia and Corsica up until potentially the first millennium BC, when it was likely wiped out by human activity.
Several other experiments were performed throughout the 50s, 60s, and 70s to test the pathogenicity of S. marcescens, but it wasn't until the 1970s that S. marcescens was confirmed as a human pathogen.
Data pertaining to post-translational modifications, protein–protein interactions, tissue expression, expression in cell lines, subcellular localization and enzyme substrate relationships can be submitted to Human Proteinpedia.
In a survey, 96% of human resource professionals and 80% of executives said workplace romances are dangerous because they can lead to conflict within the organization.
Neuer debated Zimbabwe's UN ambassador on CNN over the Mugabe regime's dismal human rights record.
The Vajrayāna tradition also tells about the outpouring of the human heart's compassion that manifests Tara and about the fascinating story of the Bodhisattva of Compassion shedding a tear out of pity for the suffering of all sentient beings when he hears their cries.
One species, D. planata, has also been observed in Sri Lanka, the Andaman Islands, Seychelles, Java, Great Coco Island, and Fiji; however, this species has expanded its range by being transported through human activity.
In the British television series Japanorama, host Jonathan Ross wears Keiji K's human outfit in some segments.
Secondly, WCCF focuses on the effects of social/ textual context and cognitive processes on human thought, instead of established systems and representations, which motivated the study of external sources in usage-based language research.
"Measuring Government Management Performance: A Comparative Analysis of Human Resources Management Systems."
It was a terrible thing to have to witness, worse in some ways than the human casualties".
This achievement finally saw the realization of centuries of dreams of human flight.
Thus understood, human security would no longer be the vague amorphous add-on to harder edged areas of security such as military security or state security.'
As a result, the system leads to a waste of money and human resources and it is most important to strengthen the competitiveness of domestic films in a competitive atmosphere.
Indeed, his pieces do not generally try to imitate human playing.
Azhriaz is thus part demon, part human, and part solar being.
He was exiled for loving a human woman who gave birth to his half-breed successor, Wataru.
Ethion has not been classified for carcinogenicity by the United States Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS), the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) or the EPA.
A survivor kills herself after coming down with symptoms of the malaise and Walter realizes that those affected have twice the normal count of human DNA and have a higher rate of mitosis which is creating duplicate body organs.
Heat is also a property of Babalu-aye, like fever, the body heating up to expel a disease, it is Babalu-aye acting on the human body, as well as the heat that comes from the depths of the earth.
Whether Darwin intended it or not, millions of deaths, the destruction of those deemed inferior, the devaluing of human life, increasing hopelessness."
Donal Logue stated, "We have Michael Cerveris coming in and playing Professor Pyg and he's such an incredibly gifted actor and, as happens a lot, the gentlest and most gifted of artistic souls can play the darkest, creepiest human beings known to literature or film."
Thus, the slave (paśu: the human condition) shakes off the fetters (pāśa) and becomes the master (pati: the divine condition).
But I also knew how human it was to feel like that, and how I'd probably come up against this feeling again and again.
His subjects are angels, the human figure, and portraits, worked primarily in oil on wood panel or canvas, and with the use of gold leaf.
The Brotherhood itself claimed to its members to be a hidden guiding hand in world affairs through the centuries, always keeping its presence secret in the background, while manipulating events around the globe through its agents, to direct the development of human culture.
Like many Fables, though, he was taken to Golden Boughs Retirement Village and was stripped of his memories so that he could be made into an ordinary human being.
Charcoal burning is one of the oldest human crafts.
Syncoilin is a muscle-specific atypical type III intermediate filament protein encoded in the human by the gene SYNC.
The provisional results showed the ruling Human Rights Protection Party leading with 47 seats out of a maximum of 49.
On gravestones and other memorials, human skulls are sometimes shown sprouting grape vines or other vegetation, presumably as a symbol of resurrection (as at Shebbear, Devon, England).
Stephanie Snyder, curator at the Cooley Gallery at Reed College, describes her work as having "emerge(d) through the artist's passionate exploration of mathematical relationships, natural phenomena, and the visceral responses of the human body."
The university has seven degree-granting colleges: the College of Arts and Sciences, the College of Aviation, the Haworth College of Business, the College of Education, the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences, the College of Fine Arts and the College of Health and Human Services.
 EXAMINATION OF VOTER-VERIFIABLE PAPER BALLOTS: Audits require human examination of voter-marked paper ballots the ground truth of the election.
The Chien Français Tricolore are pack hunting dogs, which means that groups of dogs are hunted together, always directed by a human, not running about hunting by themselves.
The smallest peptidoglycan fragment that binds to human PGLYRP3 is MurNAc-tripeptide (MurNAc-L-Ala-D-isoGln-L-Lys), which binds with low affinity (Kd = 4.5 x 10−4 M), whereas a larger fragment, MurNAc-pentapeptide (MurNAc-L-Ala-γ-D-Gln-L-Lys-D-Ala-D-Ala), binds with higher affinity (Kd = 6 x 10-6  M).
Had the destruction gone ahead, smallpox virus might have been the first to be made extinct by human intervention.
Neuer charged that the Council ignores human rights abuses worldwide, opting instead to enact "one resolution after another condemning one single state: Israel".
The story goes back to Barrows's discovery of the Marker in an area showing signs of ancient human mining.
Amnesty International also expressed its belief and concern on that Fatullayev and his site Haqqin.az, is used by the Government of Azerbaijan to discredit European criticism of human rights violations in Azerbaijan.
Nixon argued that this constituted illegal discrimination under Section 41 of the British Columbia Human Rights Code.
University of Karbala, which was inaugurated on March 1, 2002, is one of the top most universities in Iraq regarding academic administration, human resources, and scientific research.
 The 2009 report written by the Review of United States Human Space Flight Plans Committee, also chaired by Norman Augustine
Member of the International Society for Human Rights, the editorial board of the journals "The Edge" and "Seeding" partnership "Free Culture".
It is said that by devoting herself to God and rejecting marrying a human, she avoided the regular duties involved with being a wife that would inhibit her freedom.
Human Rights Watch alleges that Sri Lankan Army artillery strikes against a hospital in Mullaitivu killed 67 people and wounded another 87; an article for The Guardian contends that the artillery strikes targeting in a government designated safe zone adjacent to the hospital killed 378 people and injured 1,212.
Within this book, Funakoshi lays out 20 rules by which students of karate are urged to abide in an effort to "become better human beings".
Finally, the human magnetosomic organelle has an unknown function that does not involve detecting the earth's magnetic field.
The most famous find is the human skull dated at around 38,000 years BCE.
The still-frozen Megatron is moved into this facility and is reverse engineered to advance human technology.
The data deposited in Human Proteinpedia is freely available for download.
The Southern Negro Youth Congress teamed up with the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), the Southern Conference on Human Welfare as well as many other organizations in hopes to support legislation that would make lynching a federal crime.
However, he soon hits upon the idea of creating robot tennis players to replace human players.
Mike Huckabee of Arkansas and Tommy Thompson, former governor of Wisconsin and past Secretary of Health and Human Services.
Most building automation networks consist of a primary and secondary bus which connect high-level controllers (generally specialized for building automation, but may be generic programmable logic controllers) with lower-level controllers, input/output devices and a user interface (also known as a human interface device).
Internal control involves human action, which introduces the possibility of errors in prosecution or trial.
According to Trahair, Mayo "is known for having established the scientific study of what today is called organizational behavior when he gave close attention to the human, social, and political problems of industrial civilization."
One implication of Bennett's law is that global demand for animal-based foods is predicted to increase more rapidly than human population growth.
 Frank Rosenblatt invented the "perceptron" in 1957 at the Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory in an attempt to understand human memory, learning, and cognitive processes.
She previously worked for Amnesty International, where she was in charge of their investigations into Human Rights abuses in Iraq.
His main interest was the human body, but the catholic context and juvenile audience of Tintin limited his expressive possibilities.
The economic valuation of human life (referred to by economists as the "value of statistical life") was viewed by some governments (such as India) as suggesting that people living in poor countries are worth less than people living in rich countries.
Human Potential Research Ltd, based in Jersey, was also issued a summons.
Sheldon, William H. ♦ The Varieties of Human Physique (An Introduction to Constitutional Psychology) ♦ Harper & Brothers, 1940
The first human study to assess the long-term effects of alcohol ingestion on cortisol was conducted in 1966 (Mendelson et al.).
Scruton (2017), in his book On Human Nature, is critical of consequentialism and similar ethical theories, such as hedonism and utilitarianism, instead proposing a deontological ethical approach.
Clayton (Clay) Danvers – Bitten as a child, is seen as more wolf than human.
The aim of the project is to develop an application capable of modeling a wide variety of human forms in the full range of natural poses from a single, universal mesh.
When Huskisson came to the line "and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us", he said "That I do most heartily; and I declare to God that I have not the slightest feeling of ill-will towards any human being."
There are over 60 types in the human body, some microscopically small, in particular the millions of precapillary sphincters.
Due to its economic opportunities and its high human development index, Guadalajara has been dubbed the "city of the middle class."
After Ferdinand Marcos's death in 1989, propaganda efforts have been made to whitewash his place in Philippine history and facilitate the Marcos family's return to power – an act which human rights advocates and historiographers refer to as historical distortionism or historical denialism (often wrongly using the academically imprecise term "historical revisionism").
His academic specialization is: constitutional law, European law and human rights.
In recent years, the company has found itself in the middle of several controversies including trademark disputes, human rights violations, and health and safety concerns.
At the time of the Battle of Plassey, local people migrated to a different place to avoid social and political turmoil and form a new human settlement.
Their interpretations have ranged from being seen as reactionary manifestos celebrating hierarchies to utopian dreams of human solidarity.
The optimum temperature for human lactase is about 37 °C and the optimum pH is 6.
Meiburg earned his bachelor's degree in English with a minor in Religion from the University of the South in Sewanee, Tennessee, and received a Thomas J. Watson Fellowship to study daily life in remote human communities.
"The human understanding is moved by those things most which strike and enter the mind simultaneously and suddenly, and so fill the imagination; and then it feigns and supposes all other things to be somehow, though it cannot see how, similar to those few things by which it is surrounded."
The project encompasses "public space projections onto buildings or other public surfaces—broadcasting films, video documents or live feeds, with the intention of decentralising traditional broadcast monopolies and information power structures where these interfere with freedom of speech or otherwise compel human beings to surrender to the agendas of ethically bankrupt regimes."
The main threats to the geckos are human activities.
The Global South makes regular pronouncements on the internal politics of the Anglican Communion, with particular emphasis upon issues of human sexuality, through a self-appointed Steering Committee, whose Chairman is the Most Rev.
No human alive at the time had witnessed a previous Venus transit since that transit occurred on 6 December 1882 in the 19th century.
She lost her mother in an accident 18 years ago, and also lost her right eye and part of her brain, but her father gave her the ability to see beyond normal human vision and access electronic devices directly.
The Ancients encountered the Wraith, and after a long war with them, the latter drove the Ancients out of Pegasus 10,000 years ago, and now maintain the human worlds of Pegasus as sources of food.
Fawad Chaudhry, the federal information minister, while commenting over the Counter Terrorism Department's action in Sahiwal asserted that all those killed were terrorist and they apparently used the family as human shield.
She has contributed to reports with the Climate Council and the Commission of the Human Future.
The area contains some human occupation.
A set of funerary tumults stands out from which around seventy human skeletons corresponding to individuals of different ages and sexes have been recovered.
The participants were Hong Kong based human rights lawyers, these former refugees, and representatives of Trampoline House, a refugee community center in Denmark.
Songs have tackled topics like the Manson murders: "Creepy Crawl", "Cockroaches", "Scalpel", "The 12 King Pimp Commandments", "Dead Body Disposal", "The Human Traffic King", "White Slavery", "I Need Drugs", "Food For Thought", "S.T.D.
Such evidence of the sustainable transformation of natural landscapes by human agendas is rare in NSW and in Australia.
A writer for Religion Dispatches countered that Avatar "begs, borrows, and steals from a variety of longstanding human stories, puts them through the grinder, and comes up with something new."
In the preface, Vonnegut states that he tends "to think of human beings as huge, rubbery test tubes, too, with chemical reactions seething inside."
There they find the body of a "synth", or AI-equipped synthetic human, that attacked him, and later disturbances at the antenna will reveal a squad of murderous robots - albeit relatively low-tech ones without proper artificial intelligence.
The phrase "every sperm is sacred" has become almost proverbial in the field of animal and human sexuality and reproduction.
The missile-based attacks were the complete success for the Indian Navy, and a psychological trauma for Pakistan Navy, the human and material cost severely cutting into its combat capability, nearly 1,700 sailors perished at the barracks.
The end of military rule brought about a new era of regular elections as well as the return of civil liberties, free press and an end to arbitrary arrests and torture, although human rights violations still occur regularly.
 Human Traffic - Past and Present  (2012)
(Woolf had actually declared that human nature underwent a fundamental change "on or about December 1910," which inspired the belief that the modernist literary movement began around that time.)
On 1 December 2008 Krüger was appointed to the BMW board of management, responsible for the Human Resources Department.
Chinese authorities declared that the law—which took twelve years to draft—would help protect human rights.
In an academic career spanning half a century, Professor Haggett is noted for his significant research contributions to the field of human geography, and is the author or editor of over 30 books on geographical practice, theory and individual research topics.
Motion Picture News gave the following advice to exhibitors on how to sell the picture: "Keep all of your advertising essentially human.
In 2008, the Afghan government passed a law to combat kidnapping and human trafficking, which provides for life imprisonment for sex trafficking and 8-15 years for labor trafficking.
This is known as the Purkinje effect, and arises because the peak sensitivity of the human eye shifts toward the blue end of the spectrum at lower light levels.
This gene encodes the second human homologue of the bacterial RuvB gene.
A study of seal behavior on the island showed that the animals were often disturbed by nearby human activity, with people rowing past the island in canoes a primary cause.
Cannabis and Humulus lupulus are both members of the family Cannabaceae, and a number of similarities in the botany and human use of the two species have been noted.
He was also Minister of Justice and Human Rights from July 2021 to February 2022 under the government of Pedro Castillo.
This alone would make it difficult for a human to walk through, even without the heat, pressure, and lack of oxygen.
When his feelings slowly return, he warns that a jump into a new host body could damage his soul; even if Magnus' new shell mimics a human body, its computational abilities are inferior to his cybernetic mind.
Seth is a mystical human with knowledge about the dinosaurs and the cards as he was the former assistant of Dr.
Another name which has been attributed to pre-existing human relations ideas is that of Henry S. Dennison.
One symptom of the trauma this causes in its victims is disconnection, the strain of friendship resulting from lack of trust, disrupting normal human relationships for the remainder of the victim's life.
 LINE1 (L1) TEs that land on the human Factor VIII have been shown to cause haemophilia
He transferred to the Juilliard School, where he studied techniques associated with Martha Graham, Merce Cunningham, and José Limón, whose work he especially admired for its attention to human psychology.
The aims of the institute are to facilitate the exchange of information between marine, terrestrial and freshwater ecologists, to promote environmental research, to focus the attention of scientists, politicians and the general public on important ecological issues and to find the right balance between the improvement of human society and the protection of nature.
It works to promote scholarship, curricular and career development, and partnerships with organizations such as the American Society of International Law and the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights.
The Politics of Human Nature (1993) .
Arriving at the coast they see the ocean, and discover that the Earth is recovering and that hope remains for human beings.
She was a strong advocate for women in science, and supervised many women would later become the first appointed department heads of human genetics at many Canadian universities.
Lantos, a survivor of the Holocaust lauded his work saying that “Lehman continues to chronicle the Tibetans’ courageous struggle for human rights and his work is a major contribution to understanding the Tibetan story.”
In the preamble of the resolution, the members of the Council reaffirmed their commitment to the United Nations Charter, acknowledging that peace, security, international development and human rights were the four interlinked pillars of the United Nations system.
He is an advocate for the human settlement of the Solar System.
In response, ten Israeli-based human rights organizations published a petition ("Do not silence 'Breaking the Silence") against what they described as the "aggressive repression of the organization by the Foreign Ministry of Israel and other governmental agents;" they opposed the government's attempt to interfere with the group's funding.
The nature of art has been described by philosopher Richard Wollheim as "one of the most elusive of the traditional problems of human culture".
In Robert J. Sawyer's 1999 science fiction novel Flashforward, as CERN's Large Hadron Collider accelerator is performing a run to search for the Higgs boson the entire human race sees themselves twenty-one years and six months in the future.
It aims to show the human side of its history with a collection of contemporary photographs, artefacts and memorabilia.
Much of Allen's work revolves around the emerging concept of healthy buildings and the impact of buildings and indoor air quality on human health.
 22 — European Court of Human Rights judgment in Dudgeon v. United Kingdom evaluates Northern Ireland's criminalisation of homosexual acts between consenting adults as contrary to the right to respect to private life.
Discussing the Marcos presidency, Imelda says that there were no human rights abuses in her country; she says that her husband abolished Congress and declared martial law in 1972 to protect democracy.
Automated systems can identify company names, keywords and sometimes semantics to make news-based trades before human traders can process the news.
Every year over 2,500 nests are protected against human threats, predation and sea inundation.
People made a protest human chain at Roangchori.
In the Human Grain (New York: Macmillan, 1967)
The Act provides money for the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) to conduct epidemiological surveillance programs and would re-authorize the Interagency Autism Coordinating Committee (IACC) to coordinate all efforts within the Department of Health and Human Services concerning autism, including activities carried out through the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the CDC.
Alpha- and Gamma-Adaptin Binding Protein, also known as AAGAB, is a human gene.
Institute of Human Behavior and Allied Sciences, Jhilmil, Dilshad Garden, Delhi – 110 095
However, introduction in the northern latitudes of the US of tropical maize for biofuels, and not for human or animal consumption, may potentially alleviate this.
Notable undertakings at the festival's 4th edition included the training of a local Cambodian youth group, the Youth Association for Human Resource Development (YAHRD) , who set up and operated all equipment, changed screeners, greeted and informed guests, conducted outreach and publicity, and essentially ran the entire event.
The Riddles of Human Society (with Conrad L. Kanagy), 1999.
Dennis G. Smith is the Director of the Centers for Medicaid and State Operations, an agency in the Health and Human Services Department under President George W. Bush.
The move is criticized by civil society organizations and human rights institutions as not based around principles of self-determination.
Cruickshank released three solo albums through Vitamin Records, Hymn for Her (2003), Hello Human (2007) and Note to Self (2011), and toured nationally to support them.
In August 2008, Rudd met Wen once more, and expressed his concerns on "questions of human rights, of religious freedom, of Tibet, of internet freedom".
The human rights situation improved, with only one custodial death, and no custodial disappearances.
Human Rights & Exhibitions, 1789-1989, Journal of Museum Ethnography, no.
 The Human Life of Jesus (1945)
The nine themes that emerged were:  (i) Sustainable Development and the Internet Economy; (ii) Access and Diversity; (iii) Gender and Youth Issues; (iv) Human Rights Online; (v) Cybersecurity; (vi) Multistakeholder Cooperation; (vii) Critical Internet Resources; (viii) Internet governance capacity building; and (ix) Emerging Issues that may affect the future of the open Internet.
Advanced Placement offerings include: AP Music Theory, AP Art History, AP Human Geography, AP European History, AP US History, AP Government, AP Economics, Calculus AB/BC, AP Biology, AP Physics, AP Stats, AP English Language, AP English Literature, AP Studio Art, AP Spanish, and AP French Language.
The Swedish minister of foreign affairs, Margot Wallström, stated that it was the government's understanding that Ali Gharavi was in Turkey to attend a seminar about internet freedom and human rights.
It was the Mongol ethnicity of the Chaghatayid and Timurid Khans that is the source of the stylistic depiction of the human figure in Persian art during the Middle Ages.
When her mother, the Sultana is assassinated, Karina does not want to carry the burden of rulings and looks for a way to resurrect her mother for which will involve dark magic and a human sacrifice.
In June 2005, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled in Chaoulli v. Quebec (Attorney General)  that Quebec AG had violated the Quebec Charter of Human Rights and Freedoms by forbidding private health insurance for medically necessary health services.
The prophylactic use of MAO-B inhibitors to slow natural human aging in otherwise healthy individuals has been proposed, but remains a highly controversial topic.
Members of the committee include a representative from the General Secretariat of the Executive Council of the Emirate of Dubai, the higher legislation committee and the department of human resources.
It was a year that would be forever engraved in human history, but it was also the year when another war that does not have a special place in the pages of history ended.
Reservations have been voiced regarding the wording of provisions on human rights and fundamental freedoms in relation to political, economic and cultural systems and the Declaration's provisions on "balancing" rights with individual duties as well as an absence of reference that legitimate restrictions of rights must be provided by law and conform to strict tests of necessity and proportionality
Heavily influenced by the philosophy of Israel Eldad, ZFA views Zionism as the national liberation movement of the Jewish people and a revolution unparalleled by any other in human history.
In her English language books, she focuses on "addressing girl's education, woman's empowerment and global human development".
This included protection of individual rights and promotion of fundamental values such as equality, human rights, LGBT rights, justice, diligence, social empathy and creativity.
The frontal lobe of the human brain is  both relatively large in mass and less restricted in movement than the posterior portion of the brain.
He was also the Minister of Civil Affairs from 23 December 2002 to 11 January 2007 and then Minister of Human Rights and Refugees from 11 January 2007 until 12 January 2012.
They have numerous rear mucosal projections, which assumedly assist propulsion through the thin layer of skin on the inside of the human host's mouth.
The San Pio V University of Rome, Italy, The University of Malta and Agora University opened in 2003 The Master studies on Economical and Cultural Cooperation: "The Human Rights in The Mediterranean Region, The Ways of a Lasting Development".
When they finally decide it's safe to stop, the Human is doubled over and heaving, while Peckinpah seems exhilarated at the fight and flight.
The majority of L1 in the human genome are inactive; however, about 80-100 have retained the ability to retrotranspose, with considerable variation between individuals.
However, erotic monster novels often feature non-consensual sex at least as regards the human participants.
These values place both Taiwan and Macau well within the group of "Very high human development".
The culture reached its apogee in the Casas Grandes region, Chihuahua, México, and in the human settlement known as Paquimé.
All these activities were instituted to further his belief that sadhus (holy men) had the duty to contribute significantly to human society.
Crimes also committed during this equestrian sports scandal include extortion, mail fraud, animal cruelty and the murder of at least one human being.
This binding of surface proteins is what allows for certain functions to then take place, such as modulating the release of cytokines by human intestinal cells.
They are still consuming meat.By eating meat, human beings become very brutal"The Flesh series was first shown in 2015 as part of a fund-raising exhibition at The Substation; the most expensive painting at the exhibition, which sold for $40,000, was a painting from the Flesh series.
The human gene PSMC6  has 15 exons and locates at chromosome band 14q22.1.
Ruga (or Rugga) Fulani word for human settlement, and can also be interpreted as the acronym of "rural grazing area"...
Images of ruined communities and French refugees highlighted the human cost of war.
Graduate certificates are offered in Early Childhood Policy, Election Administration, Nonprofit Management, Public Affairs Leadership, Human Services Leadership, and Policy Issues on Work and Pay
Wildlife-vehicle collisions have a significant cost for human populations because collisions damage property and injure and kill passengers and drivers.
Chukwuka sought out Mrs. Elizabeth Pam who served on the Human Rights Investigation Panel and apologized for his role in abducting Col. Pam and for his execution.
If the player buzzes in with the right answer before the computer does, s/he wins $20,000; if the computer is wrong, the human contestant gets one chance to win; should s/he be incorrect or the computer comes up with the right answer first, nothing additional is won.
The Navagraha are said to be forces that capture or eclipse the mind and the decision making of human beings, thus the term graha.
In Work and Society: Labour and Human Resources in East Asia.
DNA methylation In Alzheimer’s disease cases, global DNA hypomethylation and gene-specific hypermethylation has been observed, though findings have varied between studies, especially in studies of human brains.
Data from NCBI GEO Profile shows that KIAA1958 expression includes many of the tissue types in the human body.
The bill mentioned that the Northern Mariana Islands offer "outstanding and unique human  and natural resources for the development of a strong motion picture, film, video and media industry."
human rights interviewing and documentation
Human Rights: The Rights of Refugees (online course)
His works depicted various aspects of literature such as mythology, history, social issues, human emotions and politics.
The Human Search: Issues in Philosophical Anthropology.
After graduation in 2001, he started a reflection on the human body as a unit of architecture, referring to Vitruvius, Leonardo da Vinci, Le Corbusier, to determine the archetype to place at the heart of contemporary architecture.
James Parker states that while the use of Hell- and underworld-oriented themes in heavy metal can be "dark and disturbing", they are "honest about human nature", and as such, listening to metal lyrics can be beneficial for listeners' mental health (he says metal lyrics can "keep us sane").
Jackson Hurst, as Grayson Kent, is Jane's closest colleague and Deb's former boyfriend, who later becomes the second human to learn about Deb inhabiting Jane's body.
and gain a higher level of expertise than a human expert.
MaR1 was first defined as a product of DHA formed by cultures of human monocyte-derived macrophages.
At the lowest levels, early investigators found 46 human burials.
The judge described Brega Massone as "cruel, malevolent and lacking the slightest sense of human pity".
Human Rights Watch described Ampon's conviction as demonstrating "the misuse by successive Thai governments of laws intended to protect the monarchy" and called for the laws "be amended to prevent unnecessary restrictions on freedom of expression".
In a similar spirit, UN Watch, an Israel-affiliated non-governmental organisation, described the report as "categorically one-sided, casting Palestinians as the sole victims of the Arab–Israeli conflict, while denying the slightest consideration to any basic human rights for Israelis."
All mutualists agree that everything which is produced by human labor and machines can be owned as personal property.
The approximately  of carbon dioxide in the lake is a little under 2 percent of the amount released annually by human fossil fuel burning.
It allows rich people to abuse the ordinary people and makes human development stagnant.
Ngesti Pandawa was founded in Madiun by Sastro Sabdo on July 1, 1937 with the aim of reviving the art of wayang orang panggung, wayang plays performed by human actors on a proscenium stage.
A duppy can be either the manifestation (in human or animal form) of the soul of a dead person, or a malevolent supernatural being.
He reveals his identity as the Analyst, a program designed to study the human psyche.
The toxicity of bulbs is not well-understood, nor is there an agreed-upon method of safely preparing them for human consumption.
Cenobites were once human, having transformed to their current state in their pursuit of gratification.
Human nature is to reciprocate a friending, marking someone as a friend who has marked oneself as a friend.
While most coliforms are harmless to human health, the presence of E. coli, which covers approximately 97% of coliform bacteria found in the intestines of animals and in faeces, underlines the presence of more harmful pathogens in the water system (DWAF 1996b).
Matthew Lickona of The San Diego Reader also gave the film one out of five stars, writing: "It's fun to watch [the monsters] in action, but on the human side, the film is clumsily written, over-cast and underacted, with only frustrated soldier Samuel L. Jackson striking the right tone of crazy amid the chaos."
Starbuck escapes and leaves Caprica to return to the human fleet.
"God and the Human Future."
According to a Human Rights Watch report 190 civilians were killed by rebel forces during the offensive, including at least 67 being executed.
The outside of the building has five Romanesque corbels including one with double human heads which may be from a later period.
Almost 42,000 'slow frozen' (as opposed to 'vitrified') human embryo transfers were performed during 2001 in Europe (Andersen et al.
To his amazement, all of his Yo-kai friends have restored the elevator, thus able to return to the human realm once more and as Nate puts it 'Everything's back to normal alright!'.
Archaeologists are piecing together evidence that the earliest human settlements in North America were thousands of years before the appearance of the current Paleo-Indian time frame (before the late glacial maximum 20,000-plus years ago).
Coy was appointed as Minister of State in the Ministry of Human Development.
His motivations to replace human life with Aliens is made apparent, and with the birth of yet another new breed of Alien, a terraforming expert named Daniels and the remaining crew are forced to flee from the world.
Blue jets can move at speeds of up to 360,000 km/h (220,000 mph) and without a high speed camera they can be easily missed by the human eye.
Florida Abolitionist, a non-governmental organization that also opposes human trafficking, sponsored a screening at the Full Sail University in Orlando, Florida.
Prior to his tenure on the EFTA Court, he served as a judge of the European Court of Human Rights, as an associate justice of the Supreme Court of Iceland, and as president of the Association of Icelandic Lawyers.
The recombined department has been styled the Department of Human Resources and Social Development, and the minister was Diane Finley until January 9, 2007.
 Utrecht School of Law Clinical Programme on Conflict, Human Rights and International Justice
During this time, she dealt with the establishment of the human rights dialogue with the People's Republic of China, lectured and published on the UN Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) and attended the 1995 World Conference on Women in Beijing as a member of the Swiss delegation.
A total of 105 organisms are found to have orthologs with the human TMEM275 genes, all of which are a part of the Teleostomi, or jawed vertebrates, clade.
A subsequent Gallup poll released in 2011 suggested "that one's religious identity and level of devotion have little to do with one's views about targeting civilians... it is human development and governance—not piety or culture—that are the strongest factors in explaining differences in how the public perceives this type of violence."
Batman suggests Superman attack the Batman side of his opponent's body, as it is human and, therefore, vulnerable.
This point of view likens human sexuality to a steam boiler, with biological processes or internal irritants creating sexual tension.
Recent studies claim that the vicinity of present-day Addis Ababa was the point from which human beings migrated around the world.
Due to his Kree physiology which had evolved to cope with the heavier gravity of home planet Hala, Mar-Vell was significantly stronger and more durable than a normal human.
According to a report by the Arab Organization for Human Rights in Britain, the PA has used torture on a systematic basis for years.
ATR is crucial to human cell viability, while ATM mutations cause the severe disorder ataxia-telangiectasia leading to neurodegeneration, cancer, and immunodeficiency.
In the 1934 film Of Human Bondage Leslie Howard is walking past a Mazawattee Tea room.
Advanced maternal age represents a significant consideration for ovum health, and is currently regarded as the largest risk factor underlying instances of aneuploidy in human populations.
This text contains a discussion of the central organs in the human body, and lists neidan therapies for internal ailments, including drugs, energy absorptions, dietary restrictions, and gymnastic exercises.
On April 10, 2019, the team of paleoanthropologists Florent Détroit and Armand Salvador Mijares published the conclusions in the journal Nature, announcing the taxon of this newly identified human species to be Homo luzonensis, which definitely lived on Luzon island between 50,000 to 67,000 years ago.
Kimball states, "On the top of this mound there was the appearance of three altars, which had been built of stone, one above another, according to the ancient order; and the ground was strewn over with human bones."
As human rights are universal and should apply equally to all people, my government is committed to non-discrimination on any grounds, including sexual orientation and gender identity.
 Satisfactions of the society's demand in the qualified experts with higher education and scientific, as well as pedagogical human resources with the highest possible qualifications;
The area around Kirkandrews Bay retains evidence of very early human activity.
KDR is the human gene encoding it.
The first human inhabitants of the island were the Old Islanders, 4000-2000 BP (before present, i.e., before 1950.)
 Boyes, Valerie (2007) Trading in Human Lives: The Richmond Connection, 28pp.
As a result of his numerous commentaries that year, Amnesty International and the Hong Kong Foreign Correspondence Club awarded him the 2014 Human Rights Press Award for commentary.
Ability created an alliance with the China Press for People with Disabilities — providing the rights to publish each other's selected stories, artworks and articles, in an effort to bring both countries to experience human interest stories that otherwise would never be known.
It has a very high Human Development Index, as calculated by the Macau government, and the fourth-highest life expectancy in the world.
Thereafter, the series brought to the fore questions about superintelligence, power derived from social surveillance, human oversight, competing superintelligent systems, the ethics of enforcing law and order by removing disruption (a policy adopted by a competing intelligent system called "Samaritan"), and other issues inherent in the use of artificial intelligence, as complex ethical questions to be addressed.
Life in the Arctic includes zooplankton and phytoplankton, fish and marine mammals, birds, land animals, plants and human societies.
The world of products of the human mind, including art, science, and religion.
International election standards are a set of principles and implementation guidelines for elections which have basis in the public international human rights law instruments.
It was observed that IFN-τ decreased intracellular HIV RNA in human macrophages and inhibited reverse transcription of viral RNA into proviral DNA.
In 2013, Lindgren was the inaugeral winner of the Leena Peltonen Prize for Excellence in Human Genetics, and the 30th Khwarizmi International Award in 2017.
Radiocarbon dating techniques show that the finds are from the late Upper Paleolithic era around 10,000 years ago and represent the earliest evidence of human activity in Hainan as well as the southernmost occurrence of stone tools from this period.
On 14 January 2013, LGBT organization Identoba and the participants of the march filed an application against Georgia with the European Court of Human Rights.
Also for the first time, the principles and beliefs that were essential elements of a decolonisation regime – self-determination, nationalism, human rights and an international interest in the affairs of colonial administration were codified in the League of Nations treaty and used to structure international relations.
In some cases, the elephants have also caused human deaths like an incident that happened in Hassan district where a villager was trampled to death.
Hiroshima University associate professor Idaku Ishii has developed a robot able to hit a pitch coming at speeds up to 300 kilometers per hour (186 mph), about double human pitching speed.
While in this form, the human character's stats are boosted, and they gain special abilities unique to the fusion: the character can wield a large sword and fire-based magic (Lailah), shoot water arrows using a bow (Mikleo), use stone fists and summon stone pillars (Edna), and gain blade-like wings and summon whirlwinds (Dezel/Zaveid).
"Open a Can of Human Beans"– 4:44
He believed that they were human, and was angered that they were treated as "subordinate Creatures".
Programs at this location are structured to provide convenience for working adults who want to pursue an associate degree in Business Administration; a bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Marketing, Accounting, Management, Human Resources Management, Computer Information Systems, Information Technology, or Nursing; or a master's degree in Business Administration or Nursing.
Under the Group of Twenty (G20) Riyadh summit, Saudi Arabia planned on hosting the B20 event, for which it was criticized by human rights groups and pro-democracy activists over the treatment of women in the country.
In Martín Vizcarra's administration, Zeballos was appointed Minister of Justice and Human Rights, serving in the position until his appointment as Prime Minister after Salvador del Solar's resignation due to the denied confidence given by Congress, prompting its constitutional dissolution.
In August 2015, The Times reported that Yasmin Hussein, then Amnesty's director of faith and human rights and previously its head of international advocacy and a prominent representative at the United Nations, had "undeclared private links to men alleged to be key players in a secretive network of global Islamists", including the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas.
Mowgli is shocked to discover that the villagers have imprisoned his adoptive human parents, Messua and her husband, and are planning to execute them for fostering Mowgli.
 PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human Zinc finger FYVE domain-containing protein 9
Vicia bithynica is not cultivated for human or livestock consumption.
The so-called "Consultative Council on Human Rights" was used more as tool of the regime to tell the world that conditions for political prisoners in Morocco was not as the many international watch dog groups had reported.
The study found that surface water used by community members in San Miguel Ixtahuacán for crop irrigation, herd animals, and human consumption, has been contaminated by heavy metals such as arsenic and copper.
India's National Human Rights Commission described it as a "miscarriage of justice" and, along with other petitioners, argued that the case should be investigated by an independent agency.
1985 & 1997 - H. Jack Geiger (1958 MD alumnus), Though not a recipient of Nobel prize directly, he was the founding member and past president of Physicians for Human Rights which shared the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize as part of International Campaign to Ban Landmines.
Galton was inspired by Quetelet to define the average man as "an entire normal scheme"; that is, if one combines the normal curves of every measurable human characteristic, one will, in theory, perceive a syndrome straddled by "the average man" and flanked by persons that are different.
Knowing what cultures values are helps sociologists understand the human behavior of people from different cultures.
In June 2011, the Department of Health and Human Services announced the Federally Qualified Health Center Advanced Primary Care Practice (FQHC APCP) demonstration project.
Following the tendency that is affirming itself in Europe, the maritime authority – coast guard must exercise an effective control in sea for the safeguard of human life, for the safety of navigation, for the correct going on of the economic activities (fishing and exploitation of the continental platform) and for the protection of the marine environment.
Proponents of artificial intelligence in hiring claim it reduces bias, assists with finding qualified candidates, and frees up human resource workers' time for other tasks, while opponents worry that AI perpetuates inequalities in the workplace and will eliminate jobs.
In the comic book Angel: Only Human, when facing her old enemy Baticus (who had been empowered with the energy drained from Illyria by the Mutari generator) Illyria again regained some of her former power, being able to teleport and freeze time.
The independent personal pronouns, including the third person pronouns, are used with human reference, or with spirits, very rarely with animals.
On October 1, 2017 in Tunisia, MPV was a founding member of the Alliance of Inclusive Muslims, an umbrella human rights association made up of 14 member organizations spanning five continents.
 Risks of Subpopulations and Human Studies
She served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Human Resources Development in the government of prime minister Jean Chrétien from January 13 until December 11, 2003, and as Deputy Government Whip under Chrétien's successor Paul Martin from February 2, 2004, until she left office.
He is married to Sue Pendle, a human resources consultant; the couple have two children.
He founded the Centre for the Study of Human Rights at the London School of Economics.
Entitled "American Nuclear Guinea Pigs: Three decades of radiation experiments on U.S. citizens", the report stated that there had been 31 human radiation experiments involving nearly 700 people.
It is important to note that the Romanian Orthodox Church has not officially canonized any of the Aiud detainees and it does not recognize their human remains as "relics".
By creating these concepts human beings become "susceptible to grasping after the object":
Subsequently, researchers need to identify human bones from skeletal remains.
In 1997, he co-founded the Human Development Initiative (HDI), a non-profit organisation.
The painting constitutes one of the many examples of Pollock’s contempt for the Surrealist concept of accident superseding human consciousness in creating art as his drip style painting technique encapsulated random gravitational effects of paint being flung onto the canvas.
 The awardee must have made conspicuously important and outstanding contributions to human knowledge and progress – fundamental and applied – in the field of endeavour, which is his/her specialisation.
The act of human defecation is possibly the most needy candidate for a euphemism in all eras.
Peters was born in Northbrook, Illinois, in 1961, and moved to Florida in 1985, where she attended St. Petersburg College, where she received her associate degree, and Eckerd College, receiving a degree in human development.
Embalming is the art and science of preserving human remains by treating them (in its modern form with chemicals) to forestall decomposition.
Human was a tall and powerful batsman; Terence Prittie wrote that "his driving stands out in an era when the development of back-play and leg-side technique has put forward play at a discount".
Mary Robinson – first female President of Ireland (1990–1997), and United Nations High Commissioner for Human rights.
In our case, energy comes in the form of human efforts  and work of external sources  that can be used by means of the appropriate equipment.
Although his main professional areas are theology and intellectual history, Williams also has an interest in the field of bioethics, served on the Editorial Board of Ethics & Medicine and spoke at the inaugural Center for Bioethics and Human Dignity conference in the US in 1994.
Before the ceremony the youngsters attend specially arranged events or a course, in which they work on topics like history and multiculturalism, culture and creativity, civil rights and duties, nature and technology, professions and getting a job, as well as lifestyles and human relations.
There are eleven supportive departments, each headed by either a commissioner or a deputy commissioner: (1) Revenue Investigation & Enforcement Department (2) Quality Assurance Department (3) Taxpayer Services Department (4) Planning and Research Department (5) Legal and Board Secretariat Department (6) Human Resource Department (7) Information Technology Department (8) Finance Department (9) Training Department
Lake studied Human Sciences at Wadham College, University of Oxford (1991)
The human and material losses in the Bačka and Banat regions were the greatest in the entire Austrian Empire.
 "Welcome to Human Park" (2018)
The crime was notable for the plethora of shots fired on the face of the human target, in an apparent intent to disfigure the body.
 ASRGL1 expression in the Human Protein Atlas
Because it covers both how we gain knowledge about objects and our reflections on our own actions, Piaget's model of development explains a number of features of human knowledge that had never previously been accounted for.
To promote food security, both locally and worldwide, by sustaining fish stocks for the future, and by reserving fish for human consumption.
Notable philosopher of bioethics Peter Singer wrote of these studies that they "have upset the previous wisdom, associated with such stellar figures in psychology as Sigmund Freud, Jean Piaget, and Lawrence Kohlberg, that human moral development is the product of our rearing and our culture."
In July 2011, the UN Human Rights Committee adopted a 52-paragraph statement, General Comment 34 on ICCPR Article 19, concerning freedoms of opinion and expression.
The subject of observation is not individual human elements, but rather "structure".
 Bachelor's Degree in human resource and Management of Social Development.
Lead, strontium and oxygen isotope analysis can also test human remains to estimate the diets and even the birthplaces of a study's subjects.
PEP co-sponsors numerous events conducted by other peace, environmental, and social justice organizations, such as the conference on human rights held at Quinnipiac University in 2008.
(I) Introduced - a species introduced to São Tomé and Príncipe as a consequence, direct or indirect, of human actions
Rhoda is riddled with self-doubt, anxiety and depression, always rejecting and indicting human compromise, always seeking out solitude.
Carter had "one of the greatest disappointments" corrected when learning from Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius that the Obama administration had passed a mental health insurance rule.
Modern and contemporary art at the High traces the development of innovative visual languages since 1945 that have influenced how people perceive, understand, and interpret the world, its histories, and human experience.
Other problems include potential leaks and spills, increased roads and fences, increased vehicle traffic and human presence, and an increased number of raptor perching sites on power poles.
However, L-plastin has been found in many types of malignant human cells of non-hemopoietic origin suggesting that its expression is induced accompanying tumorigenesis in solid tissues.
Set in an old person's home in Guyana, it reflects one of her professional concerns: the position of ethnic minority elders and her persistent emphasis on the drive for human freedom.
The accounts which many former students give of his teaching indicate that he was a dedicated and effective teacher who managed to retain the human touch.
One advantage of Bayesian networks is that it is intuitively easier for a human to understand (a sparse set of) direct dependencies and local distributions than complete joint distributions.
She serves on the Senate Committee on Environment and Agriculture and the Senate Committee on Health and Human Services.
Protesters clashed with police in riot gear, who formed a human shield to protect DeploraBall attendees as they arrived and entered the building.
Under Article 25(1) of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights  it is clear that the right to adequate housing and a safe and secure community in which they can live in peace is one afforded to all regardless of race, religion or gender.
Carver and Fricke worked as co-developers of Being Human together from 2011 to 2014.
Since the retina of the human eye reflects red light straight back in the direction it came from, pictures taken from straight in front of a face often exhibit this effect.
On October 1, 2018, Laila won an Emmy for her film, The Ban: The human cost of Trump's travel ban.
On September 9, 1957, three years after the U.S. Supreme Court had ruled segregated schools unconstitutional, Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights president Fred Shuttlesworth accompanied a group of four black children and their parents to Phillips High School in an attempt to enroll them as the school's first black students.
 is a mysterious man who is the human form of , also known as , the most feared of the Undead able to assume the form of defeated Undead whose victory in the Battle Fight would mark the end of all life on Earth.
Ketoconazole has activity against many kinds of fungi that may cause human disease, such as Candida, Histoplasma, Coccidioides, and Blastomyces (although it is not active against Aspergillus), chromomycosis and paracoccidioidomycosis.
A total of 165,000 tonnes of gold have been mined in human history, as of 2009.
Using various overtone singing and other extended techniques, he was able to perform diplophony, triplophony, and also quadrophony, the ability to produce two, three, and even four sounds simultaneously (multiphonic) using only the human voice as the musical instrument.
Rüedi pleaded for exploring not only the cells and tissues but also the liquid components of the human body outside the cells, in particular the blood serum, the lymph and the tissue fluid.
In 2019, Asmarino described Vanessa as "one of the most prominent human rights activists Eritrea has ever known."
At the Monsters, Incorporated factory, skilled monsters employed as "scarers" venture into the human world to scare children and harvest their screams, through doors that activate portals to children's bedroom closets.
Tropical cyclones that strengthen to Category 2 status and make landfall are capable of causing severe damage to human lives and infrastructure.
Activists detained included Ilknur Üstün of the Women’s Coalition, lawyer Günal Kursun and Veli Acu of the Human Rights Agenda Association.
Henry Kuttner's and C. L. Moore "Clash by Night" (1943), called in The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction "the most enduring pulp image" of an oceanic Venus, describes human survivors from a devastated Earth as living in Venusian submarines, and inspired a 1991 sequel, The Jungle by David A. Drake.
In July 2016, Human Rights Watch accused Abdul Rashid Dostum's National Islamic Movement of Afghanistan of killing, abusing and looting civilians in the northern Faryab Province during June.
Maria Munir ( ) is a public speaker and human rights defender who speaks out on a range of discrimination issues, including transgender rights and non-binary discrimination.
The administration team takes care of purchasing, finance, human resources and infrastructure.
In 2016, he was recognized for his lifelong work in human computer interaction design and received the Digifest Digital Pioneer Award.
The other is a fusion of Sup35NM with HPR, a human membrane receptor protein.
The White House said Obama urged Aliyev to free the two bloggers as part of an increased effort to protect human rights and implement democratic reforms.
He also successfully argued before the Michigan Public Service Commission against a proposal which would have made calls from the island to the mainland long-distance, and worked with the United States Department of Health and Human Services to grant emergency-room status to the island's medical center.
This report also revealed that economic migrants who lack legal status may be exposed to various forms of exploitation and abuse, which are indicative of human trafficking.
The Chapter 8 draft report put together on 5 October had an Executive Summary of the evidence, and after various qualifications, said "Taken together, these results point towards a human influence on climate."
The artists describe the rituals in terms of "energy and thought centered on the equal balance and harmony between Nature, science, and spirit," connecting with the Earth as a living entity whose energy can be reached and unblocked through ritual, prayer and touch, much like acupuncture works on the human body.
There are human heads, no two alike, and some pulling faces; angels; animals and grotesques.
Human artifacts have been found on or near Bear Butte that date back 10,000 years, indicating a long and continuous interest in the mountain.
On 19 February 2009, Human Rights Watch issued a report accusing the Sri Lankan army of "slaughtering" the civilians during indiscriminate artillery attacks (including repeated shelling of hospitals) and calling on the Sri Lankan government to end its policy of "detaining displaced persons" in military-controlled internment camps.
Her son Eugen said of her that human worth and justice almost had a higher standing with her than her deep piety.
That we regard the killing of a human being, except in conformity with the civil law, as a capital crime, which should be punished by shedding the blood of the criminal after a public trial before a legally constituted court of the land.
This could be seen itself as an indirect result of human developments.
However, modafinil has also been reported not to interact with the human D2 receptor (Ki = >10 μM).
This is a list of archaeologists – people who study or practise archaeology, the study of the human past through material remains.
Against this optimistic backdrop of human and machine evolution, concerns about Kurzweil's predictions are raised by technology experts, philosophers, and commentators.
Price rejected traditional Christian notions of original sin and moral punishment, preaching the perfectibility of human nature, and he wrote on theological questions.
In human females and other primates, the urethra connects to the urinary meatus above the vagina, whereas in marsupials, the female's urethra empties into the urogenital sinus.
One early focus has been the human blood plasma proteome due to its broad biomedical applications.
From 1994-97, he was program manager at Sarcos Research Corp., and led several development projects, including a human exoskeletal program.
From 2010 to 2013 she was a main character in the series El Barco for private channel Antena 3 with the role of Julia Wilson, a scientist that works for the ECND (Alejandria project) a secret project with the ultimate goal of helping the human species survive.
Anaritide (also known as human atrial natriuretic peptide [102-126])  is a synthetic analogue of atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP).
Her writing focuses on civil and human rights, military culture, the arts, and communication technology.
 The Late Great Human Road Show (1986, nominated for the Books in Canada First Novel Award)
In dailies, weeklies, and monthlies, he has published on human rights, journalism, and professional ethics.
It was evidently written well before On Human Conduct.
In the present day, cadavers are used within medicine and surgery to further knowledge on human gross anatomy.
This contention plays out over the world as well as the human body—neither the Earth nor the flesh were seen as intrinsically evil, but rather possessed portions of both light and dark.
At the Congressional Human Rights Caucus in 1987 in Washington, D.C., the Dalai Lama gave a speech outlining his ideas for the future status of Tibet.
Le Guin believed that contemporary society suffered from a high degree of alienation and division, and her depictions of encounters between races, such as in The Left Hand of Darkness, sought to explore the possibility of "improved mode of human relationships", based on "integration and integrity".
He works in the fields of experimental economics, neuroeconomics and the study of human trust and decision making.
Human activities such as taking photographs cause the animals stress, possibly because the people come too close to the animals and make prolonged eye contact (a sign of aggression in many primates).
The application of Human Visual System-generated quantizers to a block-based Discrete Cosine Transform results in increased compressability of a motion video stream by removing imperceptible content from the stream.
He was CEO, chairman, and chief product architect at Integral Systems, the first company to offer DB2-based human resource and accounting systems.
Organ trade (also known as Red market) is the trading of human organs, tissues, or other body products, usually for transplantation.
A motorised bicycle allows human power and the assistance of a  engine, giving a range of .
The first non-modern human fossil (the Neanderthal) was discovered in the Neander Valley.
The song is the sixth single from Yankovic's 2011 album Alpocalypse, and all the proceeds were donated to the Human Rights Campaign charity.
She is able to see the "naked beauty" of the human soul.
After the Ultimate Shine was found, he was restored into his original form for life and he continues to become an idol in the human world.
In December 2016 Mark A. Gabriel was awarded a PhD in Public Law by the University of Cape Town for his dissertation Reforming Hudud Ordinance to Reconcile Islamic Criminal Law with International Human Rights Law.
The claimants then filed a claim with the Human Rights Review Tribunal.
Dal Monte graduated from the faculty of Medicine and Surgery at the University of Rome, then obtained a teaching qualification in Physiology Human and Sports Medicine.
Although having bears readily visible along roadsides and within developed areas was very popular with park visitors, an average of 48 bear-caused human injuries occurred each year from 1930 through 1969.
As he does so, he describes his surroundings; not only the physical but also the social landscape, with special focus on the scenes of human hardship.
 Emir Abdelkader, military, political and religious leader, freedom fighter, writer, human rights advocate (body controversially reinterned from 1883 burial grounds in Damascus near his mentor Ibn Arabi's body in 1965)
The assignment required each student to create a human figure but left the subject of the sculpture to their collective choice.
The oldest known representation of two snakes entwined around a rod is that of the Sumerian fertility god Ningizzida, who was sometimes depicted as a serpent with a human head, eventually becoming a god of healing and magic.
While a City Councilman, Lackey served as a city appointee to the California Contract Cities Association, the Antelope Valley Crime Task Force, Antelope Valley Transit Authority Board, and the Antelope Valley Human Relations Task Force.
The Militants fatality reports are the official reports and battle logs gathered and published by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) on the accounts of rate of human casualties suffered by the Talibans in the frontier war since 2005.
These masks usually depict an outer, animal visage, which the performer can open by pulling a string to reveal an inner human face carved in wood to symbolize the wearer moving from the natural world to a supernatural realm.
Swedwatch is an independent research organization whose task is to critically examine business relations with developing countries focusing on environmental and social concerns as per international human rights law and standards.
Whole freeze-dried insects are sold as exotic pet food, bird feed, fish bait, and increasingly for human consumption.
Section 28: A person can invoke human dignity or exercise his or her rights and liberties in so far as it is not in violation of rights and liberties of other persons or contrary to this Constitution or good morals.
Russell Warfield of Drowned in Sound opined that "while retaining [the] overactive production style, Angelakos manages to make Gossamer feel more effortlessly human, more like the self-realised artistic vision of an individual than Manners ever came close to being."
In Multinational Companies and Global Human Resource Strategies.
Because the intervention of international human rights organizations (Helsinki Citizen Assembly, etc.)
Production designer Simon Bowles said that the crawler design had started out as "wide-eyed and more creature-like", but the design shifted toward a more human appearance.
The modern usage of the word "stock" might imply that the bird has been tamed and kept as stock for food and merchandise, leading to the belief that this bird is a hybrid breed with its origins in human aviaries; however, this is not the case.
In 2020, it ranked eighth on the human development index and fifth on the 2021 World Happiness Index.
Vala Mal Doran is a con artist from an unnamed planet and a former human host to the Goa'uld Qetesh.
They are not only identified as scriptures, but also as the fountain head of Indian culture and human civilization.
The National Police provided statistics in a Human Rights Watch report in 2016 indicating that more than 1,300 deaths recorded between 2008 and 2014 were the result of gender-based violence.
The party was readmitted on 14 February 2008 after its chairman Fico and SNS leader Jan Slota pledged in a letter to respect European values, human rights, and all ethnic minorities.
Prime Minister Hun Sen, who has ruled Cambodia for 36 years, is facing demands to improve his administration's human rights record ahead of an Asia Europe summit that Cambodia will host.
A report on the status of implementation of the Act was released by the Ministry of Human Resource Development on the one-year anniversary of the Act, and again till 2015.
There are also differing ideas as to whether this grouping of sounds is purely a tool for linguistic analysis, or reflects an actual process in the way the human brain processes a language.
Some of these nations argued that focusing on civil rights, as opposed to human rights, was a privilege available only to the wealthy nations that had benefited from colonialism.
The two Kiths are traditionally mortal enemies, but the rising tides of Banality and the human defilement of the oceans have forced merfolk and murduacha into an unsteady truce.
Calling for human security and sustainability in his 2012 peace proposal, he advocated for a transition away from nuclear-powered energy.
A revelation was later revealed when Juan (who died earlier in the story) returns, but not as a human, as a Floreshkan.
In this form, a Czygu female is nearly indistinguishable from a young human female.
The other six regions are controlled by computer players, each having the same goal as the human player.
Material found included cremated human adult bones, a tooth, worked flint, charcoal, periwinkles, fish bones and limpets.
The Provost Marshal of the New Zealand Army (PM(A)) is an NZ Army colonel serving within Headquarters NZDF, usually as part of the human resources branch.
. . suggests something fundamental about human conduct.” 
With just 19 Indian nurses stranded in Tikrit, ISIS decides to use them as human shields and plan to take them to their key base Mosul.
Military Intelligence  (Czech; Vojenské zpravodajství, abbreviated as VZ) is the military intelligence service of the Czech Republic with activities in such fields as Imagery Intelligence (IMINT), Human Intelligence (HUMINT), Signal Intelligence (SIGINT), Open Sources Intelligence (OSINT).
Antony Gormley produces sculptures, mostly in metal and based on the human figure, which include the 20 metres (66 ft) high Angel of the North near Gateshead, one of the first of a number of very large public sculptures produced in the 2000s, Another Place, and Event Horizon.
Continuous inspection (carcass-by-carcass inspection) is the USDA’s meat and poultry inspection system, called "continuous" because no animal destined for human food may be slaughtered or dressed unless an inspector is continuously present.
•	Human Rights and Racial Discrimination in Islam
Some such satires were expanded into periodicals, allowing for extended commentary on specific human and individual vices that Ward experienced personally, particularly within London and in his own taverns.
Recombinant human glycogenin-1 was expressed in E. coli and purified by using conventional chromatography techniques.
With Michael Loman as the new executive producer of the show, new human and Muppet characters were introduced, including Zoe (performed by Fran Brill), baby Natasha and her parents Ingrid and Humphrey, and Ruthie (played by comedian Ruth Buzzi).
In 1987, a human chromosome jumping library was constructed to clone the cystic fibrosis gene.
After she visits her mother, the girl is advised to use a knife on her husband to confirm if he is human.
Other human rights and legal issues including the right to life, protection from discrimination, standing to file in law and compensation, access to information, and legal recognition.
In this case, human remains lay under a fabric shroud.
Projections of population growth, evaluations of overconsumption and associated human pressures on the environment have led to some to advocate for what they consider a sustainable population.
The human OGA gene is capable of producing two separate transcriptions, each capable of encoding a different OGA isoform.
According to Westecott, the developers' intention was "getting into characters" and cited games such as Myst and Mortal Kombat as contemporary games that lacked "proper interaction" with human characters.
96: Of the Power of Human Law
On 24 September 2020, ECFR was awarded the Rafto Prize by the Rafto Foundation for Human Rights for "their persistence in bravely resisting Egypt's state of fear".
In July 2010, UNAIDS (Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS) appointed him to a 17-member "High Level Commission" of renowned politicians, business leaders, human rights activists, and scientists tasked with spearheading a "social and political action campaign over the coming year aimed at galvanizing support for effective HIV prevention programmes."
This was in contradiction with the teaching of the Orthodox Church, which held that Christ had taken human flesh that prevented him from being ideal and abstract, and therefore corruptible.
 1988 - Summer course at the International Institute for Human Rights, University of Strasbourg
 Quintavalle v Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority [2005] UKHL 28
During his rule, North Korea was responsible for widespread human rights abuses.
 Kost Human, South African rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup
Local animals of use to prehistoric human populations, when the site was occupied, including: jackrabbits, cottontails, rats, mice, roadrunners, doves, hawks, and various reptiles.
Wallant died of an aneurysm aged 36 with only two books published - The Human Season and The Pawnbroker.
The use of security forces and the failure of government to negotiate and/or keep agreements with coca growers resulted in human rights abuses.
Under section 6, courts are public bodies, themselves bound to act compatibly with human rights.
Anatomical structures of the human nervous system by subsystem
Instead, he clearly and firmly states that "all human beings are equal ":
Caprioli served as president of the American Society for Mass Spectrometry from 2000 to 2002 and has been the editor in chief of the Journal of Mass Spectrometry since 1990 and a founding board member of the US arm of the Human Proteome Organization.
 Glenoid labrum, a lip-like projection of cartilage on the human scapula (shoulder blade) surrounding the joint between the humerus and the shoulder blade
Olivia’s Singing Tumor is the centerpiece of their human reliquary.
G. Landis, "Teleoperation from Mars Orbit: A Proposal for Human Exploration," Acta Astronautica, Vol.
The Human Rights Law Centre, the Law Council and others called upon the government to retain ILAP.
Mathematical exposure modeling is an indirect method of determining exposure, particularly for human exposure to environmental contaminants.
It has been shown to be a target of autoantibodies in the human autoimmune diseases, polymyositis or dermatomyositis
Colonial America was an alien land in which the African people could not assimilate because of the difference in culture and because they were seen as less than human.
As a component of the human gut flora, it can use both dietary carbohydrates and those sourced from the host, depending on nutrient availability.
According to psychologists, possible explanations for why people believe in modern apocalyptic predictions include mentally reducing the actual danger in the world to a single and definable source, an innate human fascination with fear, personality traits of paranoia and powerlessness and a modern romanticism involved with end-times due to its portrayal in contemporary fiction.
The story ends with Gavriel promising to stay with Tana until she gets better, and, if she is no longer human enough to do so, to help her get enough vampire blood to sate her appetite.
As one analysis of Elizabeth Costello puts it, “The problem with Marx’s view is that there are human activities in which people find considerable value, such as giving birth, that are capacities we share with animals.
Both machine principles can be integrated into a production line and loaded by a robot arm or gantry, requiring very little human control.
The CCC System was one of the standards in the first set of 55 national standards approved for use in the EHR, by the Department of Health and Human Services (AHIC, 2006) and the only national nursing terminology standard.
Schanderl (1950) saw it as proof that the volatile food sources of Z. cellare backed up this claim and too considered the presence of this fungus to be beneficial to human health.
This experience, compiled with my past transgressions upon racial and human decency, have forever taught me the value of respect and restraint."
The film contains excerpts of speeches by Islamic organizations and terrorist groups, includes interviews with government officials, interspersed with footage of terrorist attacks, human rights violations, and growing support of jihadist movements.
As the purpose of their stay is completed, Vishvamitra takes Rama and Lakshmana to an old hermit, where Rama's presence helps the cursed woman Ahalya in regaining her human form.
In the not-too-distant future a scientist from a military great power wants revenge for his son (who was a paratrooper KIA during a war) and thus invents a weapon capable of ending the conflict – an automated mind-reading tank that detects and reacts to human feelings of hostility and fear.
He identified human obligation to give, receive, and reciprocate as the most important factor in the creation and maintenance of social ties.
The cardinal also said that the changes were a "decisive commitment to favor a mentality that recognizes the dignity of every human life" while calling for "respectful dialogue with civil authorities" to formulate conditions to eliminate capital punishment wherever it is still in effect.
Bouazizi was posthumously awarded the 2011 Sakharov Prize as one of "five representatives of the Arab people, in recognition and support of their drive for freedom and human rights".
Prophets and Emperors: Human and Divine Authority from Augustus to Theodosius.
She authored 160 research papers, and co-authored a 1991 book, Human Ecology: Interaction of Man With His Environments.
Its date of extinction is not known but is presumed to have followed the human settlement on the island in the 17th century and may have been due to hunting and the introduction of invasive species.
CNY Centro staff provide support and administrative functions; including marketing, procurement, route planning, human resources, training and safety for all sister subsidiaries.
In 1925 Raymond Dart announced the discovery of Australopithecus africanus, which he claimed was evidence for an early human ancestor in Africa.
The organism has been isolated from a wide variety of places such as human spinal fluid, straw, manure, soil, and canal water.
In this context, Henkel criticized what he considered to be a low commitment to human rights and democracy in China of German companies.
In fact, one of the families, Human Endogenous Retrovirus-W was first discovered while studying MS patients.
It has been studied for its effects on human memory and as a potential treatment for the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
Ideological differences have resulted in issues, particularly human rights.
Forests are vital for human society, animals and plant species.
Whitson has persistently urged Obama to "tackle" prevalent human rights violations by leaders in both the Palestinian Territories and Israel, emphasizing that these problems "should not await a comprehensive settlement to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict."
Consciousness is experienced as the self's distance from the world, and the self's indeterminacy is based on the limited hold of natural instincts over human will.
Human dignity falls under the umbrella of female empowerment as women and girls often face more obstacles in fulfilling their basic needs.
The Utrecht University Museum, established in 1836, and the Netherlands' foremost research museum, is another example of a museum that displays an extensive collection of 18th-century animal and human "rarities" in its original setting.
Modernist sculpture moved away from traditional processes and the emphasis on the depiction of the human body, with the making of constructed sculpture, and the presentation of found objects as finished art works.
Wissam Kassem Tarif (born 10 April 1975) has played a key role in the field of pro-Democracy and Human Rights work in Syria and Lebanon, as both an intellectual and activist.
Mycobacterium nebraskense is a slow growing, yellow, pigmented mycobacterium that was first isolated from human sputum at the University of Nebraska Medical Center, in Omaha, Nebraska, USA.
For example, the struggle for power may be the cause of war, but the struggle for power may originate in the individual human being's lust for power.
The WSU Extension has offices in each of Washington's 39 counties, providing training and assistance in agricultural practices, natural resource management, human and life skills, diversity understanding and outreach, the state 4-H program, and many other programs.
In 2007 Tom Kertes moved to Toronto, Ontario, Canada, in response to human rights violations by the United States government and so that he could live in a country where marriage between same-sex couples is recognized .
She studies human genetics and is particularly interested in genetic heterogeneity and complex traits.
This section provided that if the Protection of Human Life in Pregnancy Act were enacted, Article 46.5 would be omitted from every official text of the constitution, and the two new Articles 40.3.4º and 40.3.5º detailed above would be inserted.
Ansh discovers his superpowers, but is unaware that he is a daavansh, the hybrid offspring of a daayan/daanav and a human.
The exhibition was launched by Trevor Philips who chairs Britain's Commission for Equalities and Human Rights.
The International Centre for Human Rights and Democratic Development (Rights & Democracy), was created to be a non-partisan, independent Canadian institution.
From untouchability to caste discrimination to deprival of basic human rights, unemployment & wages below the bare minimum, the script touches on all the sensitive issues that were prevalent in the villages around that time.
The study was one of five published by the ISS on the consequences of Hurricane Katrina and was a collaborative work produced along with the Brookings-Bern Project on Internal Displacement, co-directed by Walter Kälin, the Representative of the UN Secretary-General on the Human Rights of Internally Displaced Persons.
Until 2001 the Procurator Fiscal was appointed by the Lord Lyon, but in order to ensure compliance with Article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights, the power to appoint the Procurator Fiscal was transferred to the Scottish Ministers by the Convention Rights (Compliance) Scotland Act 2001.
In addition to the toll the game had taken on his studies, Bill denounced football on moral grounds, stating that the human body was not mean to withstand the strain that football demands and adding, "I don't believe the game is right.
The structure of human eyes (as well as those of all vertebrates).
Raël, Yes to Human Cloning: Immortality Thanks to Science .
Since the apostasy first began through human writing and teaching by means of which the divine Scriptures were darkened the Almighty has among us provided that all writings both new and old which are not biblical should he destroyed so that we should cling only to the Holy Scriptures."
Recent examples before al-Araibi's case include the detention of Russian activist Petr Silaev in Spain and Algerian human rights lawyer Rachid Mesli in Italy.
Human genes that encode phosphatidate phosphatases include:
"A cybernetic alien species has invaded Earth outlawing the human art of dance".
(...) One of his wonders is his extraordinary use of the human face as a stage for conflicting emotions — often all at once!
Many stud farms worldwide employ technology to alert human managers when the mare is about to foal, including webcams, closed-circuit television, or assorted types of devices that alert a handler via a remote alarm when a mare lies down in a position to foal.
During and immediately after the battle, the United Nations and several human rights NGOs also expressed concern about the possibility of a massacre.
It is known in the United States as "an indirect food additive for use only as a component of adhesives", and as a "substance added directly to human food affirmed as generally recognized as safe (GRAS)."
An additional scenario that goes over the creation of the Beatrice's games, from the execution of the human solution to the adornment with fantasy.
According to art historian Andrea Liss, this may paradoxically enable the reader to identify with the characters as human, preventing the reader from observing racial characteristics based on facial traits, while reminding readers that racist classification is ever present.
Having been chosen in November 1944 by Joseph Mengele as one of the twenty children (10 boys and 10 girls) to be sent to the Neuengamme concentration camp, Sergio was made available as a human subject in Kurt Heissmeyer's tuberculosis experimentation.
Alan Gewirth, "The Basis and Content of Human Rights," Georgia Law Review 13 (1979): 1148)
In late 2011 Yanni remarked that he tends to prefer instrumental music "because it's more open, but the human voice too can be the most expressive instrument known to man.
The organisation has campaigned alongside other environmental and human rights charities to preserve the moratorium.
Wearing the video ski hats, each spectator became a pixel in a giant human screen composed of 80,000 pixels.
Many employers, recognizing the substantial economic and human toll of MVCs on their organizations and their workers, have implemented organizational policies for road safety that exceed the requirements of traffic laws.
Her work has covered a wide range of issues from art and culture, travel and tourism, environment, women issues, human interest stories, organisations of the United Nations and more.
During the 20th century, human development of the Gila River watershed prompted the construction of large diversion and flood control structures on the river and its tributaries, and consequently the Gila now contributes only a small fraction of its historic flow to the Colorado.
The Inter-American Court of Human rights has judged that the responsible persons have to be prosecuted and punished; however, previous governments, including Bouterse's government, have failed to do so.
"Percutaneous Transvenous Endomyocardial Biopsy in Human Heart Recipients".
Volume III: Conditioning Security Assistance in War in Colombia: Guerrillas, Drugs and Human Rights in U.S. Colombia Policy, 1988-2002: National Security Archive Electronic Briefing Book No.
These dolls wore wigs, typically made from mohair or human hair.
However, when it came to finding a positive replacement for such causal connections, he turned inwards to the workings of the human mind, instead of turning upwards to God.
While the term climate change now implies change that is both long-term and of human causation, in the 1960s the word climate change was used for what we now describe as climate variability, that is, climatic inconsistencies and anomalies.
Human Intelligence: Its Nature and Assessment (pp.
The Catholic Studies Program is an interdisciplinary program designed to explore the Catholic Church's contributions to and influence on human thought and culture, past and present.
Episcopalians believe that sacraments are material things that God uses to act in human lives.
The Irish Great Frost of 1740–1741 demonstrated human social behaviour under crisis conditions and the far-reaching effects of a major climate crisis.
Despite all this, the museum has won the support of collectors, critics, and the public through its exhibitions that examine the relationship of art to the human condition rather than to the canon of art history.
Heaton currently serves on several committees in the Iowa House – the Appropriations committee; the Human Resources committee; and the Judiciary committee.
 Munir Said Thalib, Human Rights activist
These plays, written by white playwright Ridgely Torrence, featured African-American actors conveying complex human emotions and yearnings.
During the 1970s and 1980s, the main topics in the feminist discourse on women's sexuality were pornography, prostitution, and human trafficking.
Fearful of interfering with the right of enslavers to their human "property", he claimed that "nothing is more vain and empty than the idea that the British Legislature could immediately abolish slavery", and commended what he perceived as the "disposition shewn by the West-Indian assemblies to do everything that might be suggested for the advantage of the Negroes."
It is mentioned that fictional Secretary of Health and Human Services Charles would be next in line, suggesting that all those above him or her on the list are dead or incapacitated.
Arriving on a pair of Maiale (Pig) human torpedoes, the eight operators attached limpet mines to two P-183 torpedo boats before withdrawing and detonating their charges from a distance.
 The structures of human association are determined primarily by shared ideas rather than material forces
In 1956 Hurston received the Bethune-Cookman College Award for Education and Human Relations in recognition of her achievements.
In December 2006, the United Nations Human Rights Council selected her for the group of independent experts assigned to investigate the November 2006 Beit Hanoun incident.
She went on to work in the areas of public policy, immigration policy, and human rights for the United Nations and NGOs, including work as a consultant at the United Nations Development Programme in Costa Rica.
In 2021 he was awarded the Most People Focused CEO award during the Human Resource Excellence Awards.
Don't Look Up (2021): Satire of human response to climate change about a just discovered comet 9 km in diameter that will impact Earth in 6 months.
As the novel opens, Balzic and Lt. Harry Minyon of the state police are hunting pheasant at the Rocksburg Rod and Gun Club when, after Minyon's dog bites Balzic, the dog uncovers a piece of human bone that shows signs of having been hacked apart.
She suggested in 2012 that a nation seeking a new constitution might find a better model by examining the Constitution of South Africa (1997), the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms (1982) and the European Convention on Human Rights (1950):
Roche v Roche was cited in the case of  A and Others v Ireland held in the European Court of Human Right
Human infection with P. westermani occurs by eating inadequately cooked or pickled crab or crayfish that harbor metacercariae of the parasite.
He teaches his son to follow a path of truth and integrity, considering human values above everything else.
February 2010-August 2012, Director, Human Capital Management, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, the Pentagon, Arlington, Va.
During Christmas 1955, a young Hellboy is told a bedtime story by his adoptive father, Trevor Bruttenholm, of an ancient war between human and magical creatures.
The Tepexpan Museum is located in the community of the same name, famous due to the discovery of the "Tepexpan Man", a human skeleton which is more than 12,000 years old.
Sometime later, Shinji is asleep on a shoreline and is startled by the second human to return, Asuka.
In all these works, Poulsen succeeds in expressing human feelings in natural and simple style.
The first one, Jaxon Xavier (portrayed by Andy Berman as a human and by Andrew Bryniarski in virtual form), was a billionaire and also a top scientist in Lex Labs (one of Lex's companies).
Most H3N2 virus isolates are triple reassortants, containing genes from human (HA, NA, and PB1), swine (NS, NP, and M), and avian (PB2 and PA) lineages.
"If there is in fact credible evidence that a radio station has actively supported or incited violence, then the broadcasters should be subject to investigation and sanction, with all appropriate judicial guarantees", said José Miguel Vivanco, Americas director at Human Rights Watch.
Since 2011 Kamila B. Richter uses technically out-dated mobile phones with low-resolution cameras, to capture the nightlife on the streets of European, Asian, South- and North-American cities, usually showing blurred silhouettes of human entities, often captured in backlight atmospheres of technically disintegrated surroundings.
Human being has been described as superior to all other species created by God, according to it.
In the book Stewart traced a history of the role of mathematics in human history, beginning with the Pythagorean theorem (Pythagorean equation) to the equation that transformed the twenty-first century financial market, the Black–Scholes model.
GEO tissue profiles for this protein show that this protein is present in a wide variety of locations within the human body.
Despite the widespread animosity, there are white people in Greenville who are respectful and treat Jackie and her family like actual human beings, rather than dirt.
The extensive use of land and other resources for the production of meat instead of grain for human consumption is a leading cause of malnutrition, hunger, and famine around the world.
Thereafter they discovered that their effort to engage the human eye had shifted their concerns towards those of spectator participation; a foreshadow of interactive art.
Buzz is almost never drawn with six legs, but rather with arms, legs, hands (in white gloves) and feet (in black Converse high tops), like a human.
Ripley is taken to the Alien nest, where the Queen gives birth to a Newborn, a Xenomorph with human traits.
They are either hazy, indistinct shapes that look human or orbs that are usually white and round.
Chang explained that study of the virus may assist in understanding other human cancers.
 Moscow Helsinki Group, a human rights nisation in Russia
Security forces responded with tear gas, rubber bullets and live bullets and, ,  arrests had been made, based on data from the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, the Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms and the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information.
This human characteristic was one of the underlying factors in the formation of the National Alliance of Black School Superintendents."
A screaming skull is a paranormal object, a human skull which per legend speaks, screams, or otherwise haunts its environs.
Also, Ellison's short story "The Human Operators" — later adapted into an episode of the new Outer Limits — is set in the same universe as this story.
It has been suggested that one of the human figures is a self-portrait.
23 May - Kronid Lyubarsky, human rights activist (b.
Unlike other animal familiars in the series, it is left ambiguous as to whether or not Stoney was once a human who was punished for misdeeds.
In addition to the idea of religion being progressively revealed from the same God through different prophets/messengers, there also exists in Baháʼí literature, the idea of a universal cycle, which represents a series of dispensations, and is used to categorize human history and social evolution in a number of ways.
The bats normally roost in hollow trees, deforestation leads to a loss of these roost sites and they then roost in buildings where they are vulnerable to disturbances by human activity.
: The Brain, the Mind, And What It Means to be Human.
His latest research on strategy decisions is recapped in "Capital Ideas" (Spring 2014), wherein he and co-author Madansky are undertaking human subject experiments to discover how strategic insight can be developed to solve strategy puzzles.
She was the Chairperson on the Committee on Human Rights.
The Burmese military junta banned the National Democratic Party for Human Rights in 1992.
(This number is undoubtedly an overestimate  of the number of genes in the human genome,  as some genes may be represented  by more than one cluster.)
The Uyghur genocide is the ongoing series of human rights abuses perpetrated by the Chinese government against the native Uyghur people and other ethnic and religious minorities in and around the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (XUAR) of the People's Republic of China.
It was endemic to the island Tenerife in the Canary Islands, and became extinct after human settlement of the islands.
These groups are organized for the purpose of combating human ignorance through open and civil discussion and debate on a wide variety of topics.
It documented the adventures of the oceanographic expedition and offered portraits of 'big' science and 'big' scientists at work, with human touches, as a memoir for historians of science.
 Communication studies which concerns human communication;
Bell and his assistant Charles Sumner Tainter jointly invented a wireless telephone, named a photophone, which allowed for the transmission of both sounds and normal human conversations on a beam of light.
He was constantly harassed and interrogated but consistently refused to comply with the security team's unlawful procedure, which flagrantly violated international human rights law.
It adapts readily to the vicinity of human habitation.
The absolute threshold of hearing (ATH) is the minimum sound level of a pure tone that an average human ear with normal hearing can hear with no other sound present.
Louis Henkin (LL.B 1940), international law and human rights authority
The work of photojournalist Michael Forster Rothbart documents the human impact of the disaster on residents who stayed in the affected area.
While no human trials have been approved yet, the molecule has been tested in vivo with the mouse peritonitis model, and was shown to be highly selective towards bacterial cell walls, leaving mammalian cells unharmed.
Because it is far more human than machine, dogs are not alerted to its presence, and the infiltrator can go undetected for extremely long periods of time inside a resistance base.
He considered cooked or baked food dead and therefore unhealthful, saying that "while such food can, and does, sustain life in the human system, it does so at the expense of progressively degenerating health, energy, and vitality."
It was first reported by Schwabacher in 1959, having been isolated in lesions found on a Xenopus laevis, but the possibility of human infection was not confirmed until 1965.
Human Rights Watch claimed that unidentified rebels killed more than 180 civilians in the eastern Congo between September and December 2014.
In Spain, the practice had grown much larger as a result of globalization and human trafficking.
The ORR partners with several federal agencies, including the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and the Department of State.
Mystia is a night sparrow that dwells on a road near a human village.
Karen Narasaki (born 1958), American civil rights leader and human rights activist
Ahmadu Bello believed that every Nigerian, and all human beings are created equally, that they are endowed by God with rights among which are life, liberty, equal opportunity, blessings and the legitimate pursuit of happiness.
Zakerian has penned over 50 publications including books, translations, book reviews and over 100 published articles, many focused on the implementation of international human rights standards in the context of an Islamic state.
In 1945, an Archbishop's Commission was appointed to study the issue of artificial human insemination.
Monitoring people who are exposed to animals in viral hotspots – including via virus monitoring stations – can register viruses at the moment they enter human populations - this might enable prevention of pandemics.
This is a human being that has in some way expressed interest in engaging with you, it doesn't mean they're ready to buy but it means they are willing to engage.
Mariya Didi (born August 18, 1962) is the Minister of Defence of the Republic of Maldives, a former Member of People's Majlis and a leading human rights activist.
The results will contribute to the risk evaluation for future infrastructure or human activity on the lunar surface.
In May 2014, he was elected to the Board of Directors at Coach, Inc., where he serves on the human resources committee.
Characterization of a voltage-gated K+ channel beta subunit expressed in human heart.
The kitchen also houses a laboratory for instruction from nutritional experts and professional chefs, based on guidelines from the Center for Human Nutrition at The University of Texas Southwest Medical Center.
They found that the low-speed prior model provided better fits to the human tactile tau effect data.
He writes, "The world is like a human being.
His large-scale photograph, set in an abandoned factory building in Highland Park and featuring more than seventy volunteers, collapses two moments in history to present a vivid reminder of the human consequences of the ruthless pursuit of profit and the power of collective action.
The primary aim of these activities is to safeguard human life and property, as well as to provide a foundation for economic and environmental planning – especially within the armed forces, aviation, shipping and road traffic.
Now, Abhay turns into human being with the help of the magical potion and Maithili is killed by vampires after her and Siddhath's truth get exposed.
Ecospirituality has been defined as "a manifestation of the spiritual connection between human beings and the environment."
No thicker than two or three times the width of a human hair, they pile up ahead of the line as it moves west.
There was a big bang when it hatched that shook the earth and gave birth to another human.
Health Department regulations prevent human service agencies from allowing pets in homeless shelters.
It was during this time that Lijn’s interest in Buddhism and in quantum and solid-state physics inspired her to write Crossing Map, an autobiographical prose poem which tracks an invisible human travelling at the speed of light and is illustrated by organic drawings.
Gartrell was mayor of Ashland from 1968 to 1972 and later an administrative supervisor in the Kentucky Department of Human Resources.
'We want that to stop and we want the people enslaved by this trade in human life to be brought to justice.'
The rancher reported that the sample was found nearby human remains, leading him to believe that the iemisch had been hunted.
This freely available dataset allows researchers to explore the association between variables in the General Social Survey and human longevity.
In Globalisation, Human Rights Education and Reforms.
At that time, it was commonly accepted that computers would eventually achieve the human ability of adaptivity.
The municipality has been inhabited by human beings since the Upper Palaeolithic.
, Koester served on several committees in the Iowa House – the Appropriations, Education, Human Resources, and State Government committees.
According to critic Sara Goodwin, one of the great strengths of Steven Universe is the depth of development it gives to its "normal human being" characters and how the superpowered characters are affected by them.
Wynn currently serves as the chair for the American Bar Association's Center for Human Rights.
These include friezes with repeated figures of animals, sometimes with human riders, running around the bases of temples.
This human chain linked the capitals of the three countries in favour of their independence from the Soviet Union at the end of the Cold War.
27 (2010) discusses "older women and protection of their human rights."
Meijide accepted and then asked human rights organizations to volunteer their activists.
1922 – The Makropulos Affair (Věc Makropulos) – play about human immortality, not really from a science-fiction point of view.
1984 University of St. Thomas (St. Paul, Minnesota, USA; Honorary Doctor of Human Letters)
At the start of the 20th century, Hobart zoo operator Mary Roberts, who was not a trained scientist, was credited for changing people's attitudes and encouraging scientific interest in native animals (such as the devil) that were seen as fearsome and abhorrent, and the human perception of the animal changed.
Alvez has a dog named Roxy (whom García thought at first was his human girlfriend) and served in Iraq as an Army Ranger prior to joining the FBI.
Also central to his work as a professor of biology was the defense of unborn human life.
The Caledonian was the site of the first human ascent in a hot-air balloon in New Zealand — and first parachute descent — performed by travelling showman Thomas Scott Baldwin on 21 January 1889.
The company developed Inertial measurement units or AHRS (MTi-series and MTx) and human movement measurement systems (a complete wireless system MTw Awinda, the successor of the Xbus Kit).
They soon discover that its origins are steeped in human suffering.
Nepalese women and girls, especially virgins, are favored in India, because of their fair skin and young looks (see also Human trafficking in Nepal).
The journalist Robert Wright called the book "the first comprehensive anthropological survey of human sexual behavior from the new Darwinian perspective".
Human Nature – "Wishes" (4:11)
1999 – Researchers at the Institute for Human Gene Therapy at the University of Pennsylvania accidentally kill Jesse Gelsinger during a clinical trial of a gene therapy technique, leading the FDA to halt further gene therapy trials at the institute.
She made some mistakes by driving those policies but she was a human being.
According to astrology, celestial phenomena relate to human activity on the principle of "as above, so below", so that the signs are held to represent characteristic modes of expression.
However, such a model will not provide full human control over scenario composition and event sequencing.
Alums of these programs formed a 501(c)(3) alumni association, The Reede Scholars, which is focused on improving human health and wellbeing and to transform health policy through education, research, policy and practice.
The head of the Bureau is the Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor.
Taslima Nasrin, Bangladeshi doctor, author and human rights activist, in Mymensingh
Kroton did not reappear until nearly 19 years later, in Unnatural Born Killers (DWM #277), where he fights off a Sontaran raid on a primitive human village; in the time since his last appearances, he has become more proactive and physical as well as speaking more colloquially.
For human urinary LH, one IU is most recently defined as 1/189th of an ampule denoted 96/602 and distributed by the NIBSC, corresponding to approximately 0.04656 µg of LH protein for a single IU, but older standard versions are still widely in use.
An episode of SpongeBob SquarePants called "Frankendoodle" involves SpongeBob using a human artist's "magic pencil" to create a living, evil doodle of himself.
3 (Gloria) (1983), he began to systematically compose for the harmonic series, which he considered to be the structure underlying not only all music but most human endeavors.
This PAX6 gene is around 95% similar to the pax gene found in zebrafish, a creature whose ancestors diverged from human evolutionary development around 400 million years ago.
He eventually returned to his human form and lives on the 13th floor.
He is said to have tried to comprehend human life as a whole through these themes.
Human colonists discover the Alien hive and must deal with a growing war with the Predators.
However, ALOX15B, similar to human 15-lipoxygenase-1 (ALOX15), metabolizes linoleic acid to 13(S)-HODE but not to 9(S)-HODEs.
A.4 Importance for association with events, developments or cultural phases which have had a significant role in the human occupation and evolution of the nation, State, region or community.
Sittig DF, Singh H. (2011) Defining health information technology-related errors: new developments since to err is human.
He was named a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2012 for his contributions to the assessment of, and safety standards for, human exposure to radio frequency energy.
The finds and features lie on top of a late-glacial surface, directly underneath the pumice deposits which provide a terminus ante quem for the human activities.
The kookaburra is the largest species of the kingfisher family, known for its call, which sounds uncannily like loud, echoing human laughter.The passerines of Australia, also known as songbirds or perching birds, include wrens, robins, the magpie group, thornbills, pardalotes, the huge honeyeater family, treecreepers, lyrebirds, birds of paradise and bowerbirds.
Their true names are Elanare, Esparta, and Ecooma, and they are the daughters of a human father, Aske, and a Sidhe mother, Elme, the daughter of Tonn.
The meat is then cured for several months, rendering it safe for human consumption.
Sponsoring and supporting research in the delivery of health care to further the welfare of the patients treated and applying the advances in health knowledge to alleviate human suffering, promote health and prevent disease.
Crime and Human Nature: The Definitive Study of the Causes of Crime is a 1985 book about the causes of crime by the political scientist James Q. Wilson and the psychologist Richard Herrnstein.
Ambassador to Equatorial Guinea to assist in transitioning to a transparent democracy that protected due process and human rights.
Nicergoline may improve human cognitive performance, including concentration, psychomotor performance, attention, reaction times, and other indicators of brain function.
Both of these traditions attribute human greed, hatred, and delusion to the presence of impure residues (samskaras or vasanas) that must be cleansed as the individual person moves towards "freedom" (death).
SOIL's two composting waste treatment facilities currently transform over 20,000 gallons (75,708 liters) of human waste into safe, organic, agricultural-grade compost every month.
An IRC bot differs from a regular client in that instead of providing interactive access to IRC for a human user, it performs automated functions.
However, in Ravenheart and Stormrider, it is revealed that she is actually someone who loves all life and wants to help the human race.
The European Court of Human Rights ruled that Easterbrook's tariff fixing procedure had been in breach of article six of the convention.
For in Blind Joe's music, the young white boy could discern a way in which he could express the intensely personal, bitter-sweet, biting, soul-stirring volk poetry of the harsh, elemental, but above all human life of the downtrodden Takoma Park people (volk)."
Manual handling of loads (MHL), manual material handling (MMH) involves the use of the human body to lift, lower, fill, empty, or carry loads.
Paramahamsa Yogi is neither opinionated or affected by defamation, or is jealous, not a show off, is humble, and is oblivious to all the human frailties.
Three International Eugenics Congresses took place between 1912 and 1932 and were the global venue for scientists, politicians, and social leaders to plan and discuss the application of programs to improve human heredity in the early twentieth century.
George Pór defined the collective intelligence phenomenon as "the capacity of human communities to evolve towards higher order complexity and harmony, through such innovation mechanisms as differentiation and integration, competition and collaboration."
A chandelier of bones, which contains at least one of every bone in the human body, hangs from the center of the nave with garlands of skulls draping the vault.
In the "second stage" the Black Airs travel to Hell to help a human boy save his townspeople who are captured by the evil Tri Command.
The ceramic forms resembled human hearts and torsos, closed cylindrical forms, and huge spheres she called “moons.” Before closing the forms, she dropped a bead of clay wrapped in paper inside, so that the pieces would rattle when moved.
Several PCR-based assays have been developed for various diseases like the triplet repeat genes associated with myotonic dystrophy and fragile X in single human somatic cells, gametes and embryos.
She is currently the executive director of the human rights observatory Centro de Estudios para América Latina (CASLA), whose headquarters are in the Czech Republic, former international coordinator of Foro Penal and columnist with La Razón, an independent media outfit in Caracas.
It has been identified by the World Health Organization as a Critically Important Antimicrobial for human use.
There are also gaps in our knowledge about working and living in partial-G environments and the effect that wearing an EVA suit has on human performance in such an environment.
Human Universe is a British television series broadcast on BBC Two, presented by Professor Brian Cox.
Its other concerns included labour conditions, just treatment of native inhabitants, human and drug trafficking, the arms trade, global health, prisoners of war, and protection of minorities in Europe.
The Brazilian government estimates that the number  of children and adolescents in 2012 who work or sleep on the streets was approximately 23,973, based on results from the national census mandated by the Human Rights Secretariat of the Presidency (SDH) and the Institute for Sustainable Development (Idesp).
Project Eagle is set in 2117 in a hypothetical future after the first human colonists arrive on Mars in the year 2034  The fictional "Eagle Base" is located at the foot of Mount Sharp (Aeolis Mons), in Quad 51 of Aeolis Palus in Gale Crater, near the site of the Curiosity rover landing.
But we shall on our part reject everything which tends to strengthen the ruling class, endanger the progress of the proletarian revolution, or interfere with the advance of human knowledge and control of natural forces in general."
The Memorial Fund also set up the Mario Savio Young Activist Award to honor an outstanding young activist with a deep commitment to human rights and social justice and the qualities of leadership ability, creativity, and integrity.
Yuri Savenko took part in a 'wrongful confinement' lawsuit filed in the European Court of Human Rights in 2003.
This change of neuronal excitability leads to alteration of brain function, which can be used in various therapies as well as to provide more information about the functioning of the human brain.
Interestingly, the high conservation of resistance gene identity also was observed in the human gut microbiome.
She researches genome stability and cell cycle regulation in yeast and human cancers.
93, Duterte abolished the commission and transferred its powers and functions to the Manila Bay Task Force, the Department of Environment and Natural Resources, the Department of Human Settlements and Urban Development, the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority and the Department of Public Works and Highways.
Adaptation based policy focuses on adjusting environmental and human systems to respond to the predicted impacts of global warming.
Rose noted that the symptoms of nervousness, exhaustion, and dizziness were encountered to a greater or lesser extent whenever human subjects were deprived of an essential amino acid.
 Nagib Rehman, Human Resources Officer at Renata Limited
 1923 Use of Human Skulls and bones in Tibet
Immigrant species are species that travel, often by themselves, but often with human help, between two habitats.
 Henry Garnet, Jesuit, executed 1606 ("was he killed ex odio fidei, or was he believed to be guilty of the Powder Plot, by merely human misjudgment, not through religious prejudice?")
Kinsey was the first film permitted to show human genitalia uncensored in Japan, known for its strict censorship policies regarding genitalia.
(However, he started out as fully robotic, and was repaired with human parts, rather than the more usual reverse).
The company said that it moved to gain better access to its customers and operations throughout the world, and to the key technology partners, suppliers, innovation and human resources needed as it continues to grow, domestically and internationally.
Nomenclature generally follows the conventions of human nomenclature.
In 1963, he published the book How to Paint Human Figures in Ink Wash (怎样画水墨人物画), which became highly popular.
In January 2009, Pinker wrote an article about the Personal Genome Project and its possible impact on the understanding of human nature in The New York Times.
He then pushed it back to April 9, 2013, to avoid clashing with the release of Lil Wayne's I Am Not a Human Being II, and to clear some of the samples he planned to use on the album.
As in Little Herr Friedemann, the Joker learns that a life of aesthetic epicureanism cannot compensate for human isolation.
The five metrics are: creativity and innovation, economic diversity, digital economy, freedom, and stability and legal frameworks, which were scored based on over 30 measures from published data sources such as the World Bank, UNESCO, the CIRI Human Rights Data Project, the Center for International Development at Harvard University, and the Global Education Monitoring Report.
 The Human Beast (1954, tr.
It allegedly received this name because the flower is perceived by some to bear resemblance to a human face, and in mid-to-late summer it nods forward as if deep in thought.
The specializations offered are Business Environment, Finance, General Management, Human Resources, Information Technology, Marketing, Operations and Strategy.
In 2003, the Food and Drug Administration released Guidance #152, which makes recommendations on how to best develop new animal drugs with regard to the potential impacts on human health.
Further research hopes to investigate manipulating protein dynamics to restore human hearing function after damage.
Albert Blaustein (1921–1994), civil rights and human rights lawyer and constitutional consultant who helped draft the Fijian and Liberian constitutions.
They are, to use the words of Chief Justice Marshall, 'designed to approach immortality as nearly as human institutions can approach it.'"
Fourthly, pre-contact peoples mastered the art of medicine and human biology.
TVP23A is ubiquitously expressed in all human tissues.
Mouse Xkr8(-/-) cells or human cancer cells in which Xkr8 expression was repressed by hypermethylation failed to expose PtdSer during apoptosis and were inefficiently engulfed by phagocytes.
Multistate Outbreak of Multidrug-Resistant Campylobacter Infections Linked to Contact with Pet Store Puppies | Multistate Outbreak of Human Campylobacter Infections Linked to Pet Store Puppies | September 2017 | Salmonella | CDC
She is also noted as an originator in Western Australia of NAATI-accredited level 2 (paraprofessional) courses in translation and interpreting, and as a campaigner for human rights and preservation of built heritage.
There is also a human figure perched near the base of the vines with her arms extended, reaching up into the climbing flora.
The player, as Cahal, traverses areas in the American Northwest, and can shapeshift into a wolf, human or werewolf form to perform various tasks, such as exploration, conversation and combat.
Richard R. Wilk (born 22 May 1953) is an American anthropologist best known for his work in economic anthropology focusing most recently on food, though he has published widely on diverse topics including human ecology, consumer behavior, beauty pageants, Maya culture, bad poetry, and visual anthropology.
ActivityExchange manages real-time workflows of all human interaction with system components including design review, procurement, construction, commissioning and finally maintenance.
In the following year a cull against brown rats was ordered, for they had hitherto been allowed to expand to enormous numbers, and now threatened rare Manx shearwaters and human health; Canna is now rat-free.
When she was arrested by Chinese border troops, she was helped by Do Hee-yun, a human rights worker from South Korea.
To develop technologies, knowledge and scientific infrastructure (including laboratories and human resources) required for space research.
The Syrian Observatory of Human rights confirm the death of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the Caliph of the Islamic State and the Levant.
As the first general museum dedicated to human rights in Japan, the focus of its permanent exhibits is the history of the struggle against discrimination experienced by the nation's minority ethnic groups; the Burakumin, the Ainu of Hokkaidō, the Ryukyuans of Okinawa and Japan's communities of Korean and Chinese descent.
Although some areas have been degraded by human activities, there are still extensive areas of seasonal semi-deciduous forest, with many Amazonian species.
In June 2012, Singer was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC) for "eminent service to philosophy and bioethics as a leader of public debate and communicator of ideas in the areas of global poverty, animal welfare and the human condition."
Online Metal magazine, Metal Music Archives wrote:“Calling Entropia one of the best, if not THE best, act coming from Colombia right now isn't at all far from the truth” … “Virtually everything about this band hints towards ‘prog metal veteran’ status”.Wiza was the lead singer and producer for Entropia's first album "… of Human Introspection" in 2006.
When other men were lying back, waiting to see what nightmare would materialize next, Irving was moving like a human whirlwind toward the goal of heading the nightmare off."
Of all the mermaids in the series, Lucia's mermaid form and human form contrast the most (Lucia has short dark blonde hair and brown eyes in the surface while having long lighter blonde hair and light blue eyes while at sea).
There are well-preserved hunter-gatherer rock art paintings (comprising several human figures, some holding bows and arrows and others in trance) thought to be of around 8,000 years in age, as well as contemporary ritual sites, used for rainmaking, divining and healing.
He commented that the human digestive tract is not intended for an exclusive herbivorous diet.
After Edmund Fitzgerald foundered, Great Lakes shipping companies were accused of valuing cargo payloads more than human life, since the vessel's cargo hold of  had been divided by two non-watertight traverse "screen" bulkheads.
A bear killing a human in a national park may be killed to prevent its attacking again.
Publishers Weekly described it as a "rousing tale of derring-do and harrowing escapes", although in doing so they acknowledged that it was a "light-hearted sword and sorcery novel", which gained some depth through Drizzt's philosophical ponderings about human frailties.
Sparse distributed memory (SDM) is a mathematical model of human long-term memory introduced by Pentti Kanerva in 1988 while he was at NASA Ames Research Center.
This was two years after Tjio and Levan had proven that the human species has 46 chromosomes.
When first encountered Elaine appeared to be a normal human girl with the strange ability to see ghosts.
While the gift of tongues or "glossolalia" is not specifically mentioned, Adventists more often limit it to the ability to speak unlearned human languages, or "xenoglossy"; and have generally rejected the form of tongues practised by many charismatic and Pentecostal Christians, described as ecstatic speech or a "personal prayer language".
GIMIAS is one of the tools used in the Virtual Physiological Human.
The prize is decided by a jury consisting of the President of the Parliamentary Assembly and six independent personalities with expertise in human rights issues.
Declaration on the production and the scientific and therapeutic use of human embryonic stem cells from the Pontifical Academy for life.
When the agent responds it will send an information statement to the human operator.
The purpose of positive laws is to provide for "the safety of citizens, the preservation of states, and the tranquility and happiness of human life."
Appearing in two volumes in 1843 under the pseudonymous editorship of Victor Eremita (Latin for "victorious hermit"), it outlines a theory of human existence, marked by the distinction between an essentially hedonistic, aesthetic mode of life and the ethical life, which is predicated upon commitment.
Masuyama held many radical views on the application of statistics to human biology.
In more recent years, with the ability of scientists to isolate and culture embryonic stem cells, and with scientists' growing ability to create stem cells using somatic cell nuclear transfer and techniques to create induced pluripotent stem cells, controversy has crept in, both related to abortion politics and to human cloning.
Mowgli goes to the human village but swears that he will return one day with Shere Khan's skin.
Although  officially classified as a "private company limited by guarantee without share capital", it was intended to act as an advocacy organization focusing on human rights.
An individual that falls under this classification possesses two different sets of genetic pedigrees: one that was inherited genetically at the time of the formation of the human embryo and the other that was intentionally introduced through a medical procedure known as transplantation.
His accomplishments are legion, and his far-reaching impact on human health, including the well-being of future generations, will be impossible to replace.
Ivanțoc was arrested on 2 June 1992, and sentenced to 15 years of prison in a trial, which the European Court of Human Rights considered to be unfairly conducted by the PMR authorities.
Thomas denied that human beings have any duty of charity to animals because they are not persons.
A Human Bomb feature continued in Police Comics through issue #58, published in September 1946.
Both formally integrated brigades and the non-integrated units continue to conduct arbitrary arrests, rapes, robbery, and other crimes and these human rights violations are "regularly" committed by both officers and members of the rank and file.
In 2011, Nagy began operating a hotline for human trafficking victims.
In December 2014, Herminio Coloma Jr, a spokesperson for the Presidential Palace, commented on same-sex marriage, saying; "We must respect the rights of individuals to enter into such partnerships as part of their human rights, but we just need to wait for the proposals in Congress".
He notes that "paying and training undemocratic buffer states to carry out abusive policies, are less effective when their secret violence becomes public knowledge" via exposure by journalists and human rights activists.
2000, The Human Form Divine: From the Collections of Elie Borowski, Bible Lands Museum, Jerusalem.
The area designated by the city of Los Angeles as Thai Town is a six-block area flanking Hollywood Boulevard between Normandie Avenue and Western Avenue, its entrances being marked by two statues of apsonsi (a mythical half human, half lion angel in Thai folklore).
It also provides some of the earliest available evidence of fishing in human economy.
Iranian officials have not always agreed on the state of human rights in Iran.
She lived in London from 2002 through 2005, and worked at St. Jude Medical in human resources and communications from 2005 to 2017.
Human operators cannot react fast enough to manage high-speed trains.
Khalid Omar succeeded Maryam Qaasim when her post as Minister for Human Development and Public Services ended on 17 January 2014.
The 'manga' style has an extensive history, beginning sometime in the 10th century; scrolls from that period depict animals as part of the 'upper class', behaving as a typical human would in similar situations.
As with prior expeditions, many experiments are designed to gather information about the effects of long-duration spaceflight on the human body, which will help us understand complicated processes such as immune systems with a plan for future exploration missions.
Several human rights organizations, like Amnesty International, denounced Argentina's government at the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention (GAD) of the United Nations, alleging the illegal detention of Milagro Sala.
The suggestion of referring Greece to the European Commission of Human Rights was first raised in Politiken, a Danish newspaper, a week after the coup.
With The Vanishing Act, Rupesh Paul wants to explore the new galore of technologies and their effect on the human brain, which have not been explored before.
While the other Evermind incarnations are being attacked, the cogitor Vidad travels to Corrin and warns Corrin-Omnius of the human counter-offensive.
Fisher and Joseph M. Rosen developed a virtual environment system for viewing and manipulating a model of the human leg.
Under a contract with the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), Mathematica Policy Research conducted an independent systematic review of the evidence base for programs to prevent teen pregnancy, sexually transmitted infections, and/or sexual risk behaviors.
As mentioned above, the miracle for Jansenists represented God's grace manifested in human history, however briefly.
The Kama Sutra, a Sanskrit text (not to be confused with a Hindu text) on human sexual behavior, uses the term tritiya-prakriti to define men with homosexual desires and describes their practices in great detail.
Haraway's argument stems from the limitations of the human perception, as well as the overemphasis of the sense of vision in science.
Human response in cases of overdose ranges from an absence of symptoms to a fatal outcome despite intensive-care treatment.
More recently, she served on the Itasca County Health and Human Services Committee.
And there is a wholly honorable passion for human betterment through intellectual clarification.
Computers and Human Behavior, 29, 64-74.
Book one is dedicated to the anatomy and activity of the human body: 82 sections interpret the appearance in dreams of subjects like head size, eating, and sexual activity.
Although the authorities might declare that the grave is sufficiently old that there will be no human remains still present, nonetheless many people regard the re-use of graves (particularly their family's graves) as a desecration.
For Ibn Arabi, the logos or "Universal Man" was a mediating link between individual human beings and the divine essence.
In 1981, Maslach and Susan E. Jackson authored the Maslach Burnout Inventory (MBI) to assess an individual's experience of occupational burnout in human services settings.
His other journalistic activities include online training for the Color Revolution by writing subversive articles; editorial support for and management of human rights news agencies; establishing anti-revolutionary news websites; and creating an online database of world newspapers by country.
Human rights abuses  in Poland
Concerns about The Barrier's instability due to volcanic, tectonic, or heavy rainfall activity prompted the provincial government to declare the area immediately below it unsafe for human habitation in 1981.
Leng rates "Run of the Mill" "one of his most successful" compositions, through its acknowledgment that human relationships are "the other side of the coin" from the spiritual search represented in "My Sweet Lord" and "Hear Me Lord".
The Puget Sound Partnership has now rehabilitated over 800 acres of salmon habitat and it plans to continue to fight nearshore development and human impact affecting important salmon ecosystems.
I am human, I am hurt, I am his.
At his 75th birthday celebrations in 2018, he anticipated that it would take at least three years before the first human would be implanted with a pig’s heart.
Significant support for the act came from Human Rights Watch, Concerned Women for America, Just Detention International, and numerous evangelical organizations.
 Voice stress analysis, a means of measuring stress responses in the human voice
Nestorius taught that Christ's divine and human nature were distinct persons, and hence Mary was the mother of Christ but not the mother of God.
The novel's overall theme is the struggle of the human mind's perceptions and beliefs versus reality.
Vrnjačka Banja has many hot springs with temperatures measuring exactly that of the human body (37.5 degrees Celsius).
This technique was used to compare the DNA methylation modification patterns in the human adult and hemoglobin gene loci.
The great tit has generally adjusted to human modifications of the environment.
He was a large man with a large presence, of warm human sympathies and in his childhood a great admirer of Abraham Lincoln.
Two studies published in the late 20th century showed that UHT treatment causes proteins contained in the milk to unfold and flatten, and the formerly "buried" sulfhydryl (SH) groups, which are normally masked in the natural protein, cause extremely-cooked or burnt flavours to appear to the human palate.
Individuals will increasingly seek to reduce restrictions upon their human rights as their quality of life and access to communication resources increase, so a successful economy will inevitably lead to citizens revolting against authoritarian governments.
Although deteriorated by human, the mountain's nature has still a rich vegetation.
Since the late 18th century commercial timber extraction (especially during the two world wars) and human settlement have contributed to the serious deterioration of the woodland.
 22 June – Kader Asmal, 76, human rights professor, founder of the British and Irish Anti-Apartheid Movements, founder member of the Irish Council for Civil Liberties, Birmingham Six campaigner, minister of Nelson Mandela's first democratically elected government of South Africa.
Moreover, the image raises questions of agency, since it is unclear who exactly bound the tree: no human or divine form is visible anywhere in the background; the image therefore accorded with Foucault's understanding that the operation of these principles was invisible and pervasive."
LifeFit:  An Effective Exercise Program for Optimal Health and a Longer Life, (1996) Champaign, IL: Human Kinetics, .
The Italian in absentia procedure was upheld by the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR).
Since he is still part human, has the weakness of any normal person, and needs to eat, sleep and breathe like any other living being, but also has more resistance and tolerance to pain thanks to his mechanical parts.
According to Hippolytus of Rome in the third century CE, Anaximander claimed that fish or fish-like creatures were first formed in the "wet" when acted on by the heat of the sun and that these aquatic creatures gave rise to human beings.
By 2009, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights released a report stating that Venezuela's government practiced "repression and intolerance".
This research formed a basis for the creation of a uniform guideline for dealing with human remains in public collections in Germany.
The larva of these mites ('chiggers') when feeding embed themselves in host animals, and for human hosts, the resulting skin irritation has been known as 'tea-tree itch' or 'duck-shooters itch'.
Moreover, he led the development of first-in-kind in vitro models of human bronchial epithelial cells from patient explants (e.g., Cancer Res.
In 2008, NIH began the Roadmap Epigenomics Mapping Consortium, whose goal was to produce “a public resource of human epigenomic data to catalyze basic biology and disease-oriented research”.
"It [Meantime] is as far from cold synth music as you can get – there's a warmth to it, a playfulness and forlorn exuberance that makes it sound as human as any acoustic singer-songwriter record."
The earliest firm evidence of human occupation is in the Tanana Valley in Alaska.
"European values" were contrasted to non-European values in international relations, especially in the East–West dichotomy, "European values" encompassing individualism and the idea of human rights in contrast to Eastern tendencies of collectivism.
Those interested in human sciences enter sub-division A3.
In Feminist Policy and Human Nature, Allison Jagger describes the biological differences between women and men that would affect job performance namely "Most evidently, women's reproductive functions may mean that women have needs for pregnancy leave, maternity services and arrangements for easy access to their nursing babies."
The music video contains concert footage, from his Human Condition Tour.
A person and a human being would be the same thing.
On February 21, 2009, Colton made his return to Pro Wrestling Guerrilla at Express Written Consent where he, as Colt Cabana, challenged Chris Hero for the PWG World Championship in a 3-way match which also included Human Tornado.
H. Fischer; F. Benoît-Rohmer and M. O'Flaherty) of  EIUC Studies on Human Rights and Democratisation, Cambridge University Press.
Accordingly, a new committee was constituted under the Chairmanship of Narasimha Rao, Minister of Human Resource Development.
Program Planning -  Provides advice and leadership in the development and implementation of EBSA's policy, strategic planning and evaluation, financial management, budgeting, human resources and administrative programs designed to assure effective management of Agency operations and resources.
The oldest trace of human settlement comes from 6200 BC during the late Mesolithic.
The World Peace Party featured an inside and outside area complete with the soon to be ubiquitous fun park of inflatable castles, human gyroscopes and vendors serving fast foods and miscellany.
John Permal, 1964-74 the fastest human in Pakistan.
And when she reclaims her bead, she will become human.
The human body does this in response to the lack of heat and insulation due to the low percentage of body fat.
As the Apollo program reached its climax in 1969, President Richard M. Nixon directed Vice President Spiro T. Agnew's "Space Task Group" to recommend a future direction of the US human spaceflight program.
According to ancient Latin sources, the meaning of the term  would denote  (also explained as , men separated from ordinary ones, who have left their human condition: the prefix  both in Latin and Greek may denote segregation), or the , i.e.
Additionally, the AMDH, has produced several pamphlets, booklets, and journals focusing on a series of issues with connection to human rights.
"My chief object," he wrote in 1739, "is not political or military history, it is the history of the arts, of commerce, of civilization – in a word, – of the human mind."
Members of the church in this institution are subject to prison-like conditions, forced labor and other human rights violations.
It is a privilege to care for each of these individuals and I will always strive to be attentive and respectful of their needs and honor their uniquely divine human spirit.
Lilica Felchenerow is the daughter of a human mother and a demon father.
Mapping of the local arterial resistivity index from laser Doppler imaging enables unambiguous identification of retinal arteries and veins on the basis of their systole-diastole variations, and reveal ocular hemodynamics in human eyes.
Plant cells are much larger than animal cells, and protists such as Paramecium can be 330 μm long, while a typical human cell might be 10 μm.
Robert Christgau of The Village Voice called it a "ponderous, well-crafted disappointment, a shorter and by most accounts lighter piece of work than its more songful corelease Human Touch."
They found that both nine-month-olds and adults could discriminate between pictures of human faces; however, neither infants nor adults had the same capabilities when it came to pictures of monkeys.
In both scenarios, technical help and human resources complement the material component of aid.
Land that has been recently disturbed—by human or natural processes—is favored for the establishment of diffuse knapweed.
Sergey Yurievich Ignatyev (born 14 June 1958) is an Uzbek artist and human rights defender, living in the United States.
Eventually have appeared patents, with better cell differentiation, trying to get skin histologically identical to human skin.
Identified domains of interest were added to the previous model of human TMEM211 (Figure 21).
She has been the subject of harassment and threats from Thai authorities, as well as criminal charges related to her work as a human rights lawyer.
During the Syrian occupation, the government under Hafez al-Assad, extending to Bashar al-Assad after 2000, the Syrian government carried out infringements of human rights, including the detention of Lebanese citizens in Syrian-occupied Lebanon without trial and torturing them without rights for legal council.
Creative ads with general slogans aimed to inspire basic human emotions and optimism.
Its subtitle is: “With a Brief Account of the Descent of Man into this Human World, and, How He Will Return to the Eternal Order of Progression.” To support the text, Percival included sections for Symbols, Illustrations and Charts and Definitions of Terms and Phrases as they are used in the book.
The Environment: (Current Topics in Human Intelligence).
Data from mist netting efforts may be used to gain a greater understanding of ecological effects of factors impacting ecosystems, such human activities or environmental changes.
Zeldin's search for an alternative vision of what work could be, beyond replacing human labour with machines, and beyond shortening working hours so as to leave time for leisure and entertainment, began in the 1990s in a research project for the European Commission.
According to Wistrich, "a third of all critical resolutions passed by [the UN] Human Rights Commission during the past forty years have been directed exclusively at Israel.
Her activism for Native American rights and feminism stem from her belief in unity and the lack of separation among human, animal, plant, sky, and earth.
 Gustavus Myers Center for the Study of Bigotry and Human Rights in North America
Samulski’s research has focused on the study of the human non-pathogenic parvovirus adeno-associated virus (AAV) and its use in gene therapies.
Bone conduction plays a major role in underwater hearing when the head is in contact with the water (not inside a helmet), but human hearing underwater, in cases where the diver's ear is wet, is less sensitive than in air.
Her father’s grief was profound; her mother, having read Frederic William Henry Myers's book Human Personality and Its Survival of Bodily Death, encouraged her husband to investigate the phenomenon.
Once the witch sees her, she suspects she is Habermany's human wife.
Arno ultimately defeats the Extinction Entity by willingly assimilating with it, causing it to explode and disappear due to Arno's paradoxical nature of being a human who is more A.I.
The four humors of the human body are yellow bile, black bile, phlegm, and blood; it was believed that these all needed to be in balance in order to keep up with your health.
 Faculty of Law: 	Government Intervention in Society, European Union, Fundamental Rights, Security, Insurance Law, Human Rights, Public Management, Public Finance, Public Policy and Taxation
Ultimately, they are confronted by her terrible secret: Brian's mother built a revolutionary machine that cured people of their addictions but, as a side effect, those addictions materialized in the form of mutant children hungry for human flesh.
 Bangladesh Human Rights Foundation Award (1998)
He taught Public Law at the University of Edinburgh from 1986 to 1996, obtaining a Ph.D. from the University of Strathclyde's Department of Human Resource Management, entitled Police culture and organisation, in 1991.
Botha founded the Amazwi Abesifazane Trust, registered in 2008, and the Human Elephant Foundation, (registered 2009)
According to Krister Stendahl, the main concern of Paul's writings on Jesus' role and salvation by faith is not the individual conscience of human sinners and their doubts about being chosen by God or not, but the main concern is the problem of the inclusion of Gentile (Greek) Torah-observers into God's covenant.
The moral dimensions of the expansion of human bondage would be raised by northern Republicans on constitutional grounds.
The discussion of overconsumption often parallels that of population size and growth, and human development: more people demanding higher qualities of living, currently requires greater extraction of resources, which causes subsequent environmental degradation such as climate change and biodiversity loss.
There is relatively little human habitation along Highway810, owing to the extremely remote and rugged location.
Another implication is an argument against certain proofs of the existence of God, as it is carried out by David Hume using the thought experiment of a similar library of books generated not by human mind, but by nature.
He has made guest appearances on numerous comedy programs such as Human Giant, Arrested Development and The Office.
 UNDP Kafr ash Shaykh Human Development Index Indicator's page
Globally, mariculture is the fastest growing animal food producing sector and an increasing source of protein for human consumption.
The human version () is similar.
 Karthy Govender, commissioner for South African Human Rights Commission
The responsibilities of ARES also include interaction with the Office of Safety and Mission Assurance and the Human Space Flight Programs.
OsO4 will irreversibly stain the human cornea, which can lead to blindness.
The sequence thesis implies an important condition, which defies the most common view that human development is caused by institutions.
reforestation – the direct human conversion of non-forested land to forested land through planting, seeding or promotion of natural seed sources, on land that was once forested but no longer so.
 January 3–4, 1989 – The program advisory committee on the human genome holds its first meeting in Bethesda, MD.
The identified flaw was a dated reliance on the early work of Isabel Briggs Myers, and the failure to note results of the latest nationally representative surveys using the Myers Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI), a questionnaire used by psychologists to classify human personality traits.
An automatic adjustment of the human organism to the conditions of its existence has as little moral significance as the casting of a clout when May is or is not out; and the exhortation to cultivate a habit as little sense as an exhortation to cultivate a coryza.)
In regard to torture the European Court of Human Rights has in the past not accepted assurances that torture will not occur when given by a state where torture is systematic or endemic.
Ritter also championed human rights.
For services to the protection of Human Rights in Europe.
Important strategies that question the human body are: implants, body in symbiosis with the new technologies, virtual bodies, among others.
On 15 December 2014, following a general election, he was appointed Minister for Education and Human Resources by new Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare.
The research, appearing in Anatomical Sciences Education, compared the use of cadaver based learning and computer based learning of human body structures.
Recombinant human TSH, commercial name Thyrogen, is produced in cell culture from genetically engineered hamster cells.
The other lymphoid neoplasms within this subgroup are: plasmablastic plasma cell lymphoma (or the plasmacytoma variant of this disease); primary effusion lymphoma that is Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus positive or Karposi's sarcoma-associated Herpesvirus negative; anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive large B-cell lymphoma; and human herpesvirus 8-positive diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, not otherwise specified.
The association's members consider comparative research, case studies, links between genocide and other human rights violations, predictive models for prevention of genocide, and tribunals and courts for the punishment of genocide.
The Faculty of Human and Social Sciences includes courses in Criminology, Game Design and Development, Health Studies, Leadership, Policing and Psychology.
The earliest known example of a fossil human skeleton found anywhere in West Africa, which is 13,000 years old, was found at Iwo-Eleru in Isarun, western Nigeria and attests to the antiquity of habitation in the region.
Reborn dolls are vinyl dolls that have been customized to resemble a human baby with as much realism as possible.
Baptist leaders have criticized the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate) for continuing to publicly referring to Baptists with the pejorative Ukrainian word "sectanty" ("sectarians"), and about the activities of the group "Dialogue," which Baptists and human rights groups characterized as a front for the UOC-MP that promoted hostility toward non-Orthodox Christians.
Human rights groups in Israel maintained that this amounts to torture.
Like its predecessor, postcyberpunk focuses on technological developments in near-future societies, typically examining the social effects of a ubiquitous datasphere of computerized information, genetic engineering, modification of the human body, and the continued impact of perpetual technological change.
Consistently, regions of the human genome with high levels of H3K36me3 accumulate less somatic mutations due to mismatch repair activity.
September 11: Trauma and Human Bonds.
The main character, the monster Dennis, believes that human children are under his bed and will get him as he falls asleep.
Among his books were: The Theory of Reinforcement Schedules (1970), Stimulus Schedules (1972) and Religion and Human Behavior (1993).
Jennifer Rubin of The Washington Post argued in February 2011 that Jabarin's appointment to the HRW board reflected "the continuing decline of the organization....This appointment is a slap in the face from HRW Executive Director Ken Roth and Chairman James Hoge to terror victims, Israelis, Jews, and others who seek to uphold universal human rights".
Joseph Mbilinyi (born 1 May 1972), known for his stage names Mr. II, Sugu and 2-proud, is a Tanzanian politician, human rights activist and rapper.
"No other mathematical constant, not even , is more closely connected with human affairs" (p 86).
It is actually studied in universities in UK and Canada as an example of human rights literature.
 Physical body stature, especially muscle size; usually of the human body
Storm states in an interview that Krakoa has no interest in human laws and that all mutants should have diplomatic immunity while advising Mayor Fisk to let them be.
In 2010, Laura won the Award of "National Living Human Treasure" of Peru.
Meiklejohn saw books as the main instrument of a liberal education, and chose a great books curriculum so as to model the human intellect he wished to impart and to connect the timeless philosophical questions that occupy all such works.
XIV (1983), The Phenomenology of Man and the Human Condition, in Journal of the British Society for Phenomenology Vol.
He became a professor of archaeology at universities in Texas and Arizona, and through his excavation work at Sandia Cave, helped establish the timeline of human migration through North America.
United Nations housing rapporteur Leilani Farha and Surya Deva, chair of the UN Working Group on Business and Human Rights, criticized Blackstone's business practices, including frequent rent increases and "aggressive" evictions, for contributing to the global housing crisis.
 Lyal S. Sunga (21st century), human rights specialist
He and the late Seo Seong-Ho aimed the highest mountain starting from the Bay of Bengal, solely on human power.
His work is widely based on the human being and its relationship to nature and history, stating that "Man is a unity that embodies both the means and the goals...".
HiPhi cars are equipped with Human Oriented Architecture (HOA) developer-endabled electrical architecture, which provides an adaptive user experience.
Millions of litres of sewage were dumped into the harbour daily, consisting not only of simple human waste, but of pharmaceuticals, industrial chemicals, fertilizers, and a host of other harmful material.
Politics of International Human Rights 
Taki and other special police track down and fight Daishu, but later find that he hopes to coexist with human.
Human vision is unable to distinguish colors in conditions of very low luminance.
won a Western Magazine Award for Human Experience, and was shortlisted for the Gold Award for Best Article).
His publications included papers in scientific journals on soap films, dynamos, the Michelson Interferometer, the Echelon Spectroscope, and one on the " Sensitiveness of the Human Skin as a Detector of Alternating Electric Fields".
Peter Reavill discussed the hoard in an episode of the BBC Radio 4 series The Digital Human on 'Treasures' on 8 March 2021.
The trio would go on to work with industry veterans such as Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston, and Toni Braxton as well as upcoming performers such as Jennifer Lopez and Destiny's Child, while reteaming with Norwood – to varying commercial and critical success – on her third and fifth studio albums Full Moon (2002) and Human (2008).
The debate of human reciprocal altruism has been the focus of biology, sociology, economics and culture.
Human powered electric generators are commercially available, and have been the project of some DIY enthusiasts.
The Class-Book of Anatomy, Designed for Schools, Explanatory of the First Principles of Human Mechanism, at the Basis of Physical Education, Boston: Allen & Ticknor, 1834.
Human Harvest is the third LP by Circle of Dead Children released in 2003 through Martyr Music Group.
In September 2020, the FDA issued guidance about the control of nitrosamine impurities in human drugs.
A 2017 experiment deployed a separate catastrophe-prevention "oversight" AI, explicitly trained to mimic human interventions.
Modern scholarship has deduced that the epidemic was caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis, the same one that would later bring the Black Death, the single deadliest pandemic in human history, but how many actually died from it remains uncertain.
Opposition parties, unions, and human rights organisations then began to hold weekly demonstrations, despite these being illegal without government permission under the ongoing state of emergency; the government suppressed these demonstrations as far as possible, but in late February yielded to pressure and lifted the state of emergency.
The face of Christ is bearded, and is deliberately made more human than divine: it is based on several sources, including photographs of cyclists in Paris Match magazine.
The Nigerien Armed Forces has been extensively involved in politics since independence, and has been denounced at several points for broad abrogation of human rights and unlawful detentions and killings.
Rather, perceptions of truth are viewed as contingent on convention, human perception, and social experience.
This moral philosophy outlines a general conceptual framework on human nature which is rigorously developed in The Elements of Law, De Cive and Leviathan.
The 1964 victims census was conducted for the purpose of negotiating war reparations for human losses and damage to infrastructure with West Germany.
Where a state has made a declaration accepting the right of individual application under Article 34(6) of the Court's Protocol, an individual or NGO with observer status before the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights may make an application.
In the end, the case was settled out of court, the offices were kept and a number of directors received an undisclosed sum from Human Life International.
It was the first time "states had ever confronted Saudi Arabia", who is a UNHRC member, over its human rights record.
Human rights abuses in Turkmenistan
The area has had, in its history, pubs named the Blue Pig, the Blue Lion, the Blue Horse, the Blue Dog, the Blue Bull, the Blue Cow, the Blue Ram, the Blue Sheep, the Blue Lamb, and (a single human amongst the animals) the Blue Man.
"This great national work reflects the highest honour on the gallant proprietor, Colonel Landmann, no less credit on the contractor, Mr Macintosh, under whose orders no less than 60,000,000 bricks have been laid by human hands since the Royal assent was given to the Act of Parliament for its formation in 1833."
In practice, the incorporation of units that enable a relationship between a mother and child in prison are consistent with the obligations that New Zealand has in the context of international human rights.
Employing a traditional documentary style to explore more far-reaching cultural events, Bahari’s films provide a glimpse inside contemporary Iranian culture as they reveal the human element behind the headlines and capture cultural truths through the lens of individual experience.
He also studied the merit principle and the causes of social reward differences encoded in human brain.
Catholic theologian Hans Urs von Balthasar (1905–1988) said that "we must see that hell is not an object that is 'full' or 'empty' of human individuals, but a possibility that is not 'created' by God but in any case by the free individuals who choose it".
The referendum, which Musharraf won with almost 98% of the votes in his favour, was alleged by many, including the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan, to be fraudulent.
In this film he must fight the Four Kings before he can confront a human trafficking ring and avenge the death of one of his students.
When the other Fantastic Four members arrived, the Puppet Master sculpted the Human Torch and took control of him until Alicia broke the sculptures and the Puppet Master is jailed.
According to Brown, there are many universals common to all human societies.
The Graduate School of Living Science was renamed Graduate School of Human Environment Science (with Doctoral courses).
All the prehistoric artifacts indicate that the area has had a long history of human habitation.
They were joined in the suit by eight additional plaintiffs, including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch.
He realized his power might be used to save the universe with the help of human wills who wish for it.
ERP system is a computer software that serves to unify the information intended to manage the organization including Production, Supply Chain Management, Financial Management, Human Resource Management, Customer Relationship Management, Enterprise Performance Management.
 took a strong line on the right of return for refugees to properties vacated in the 1974 displacement of Cypriots on both sides, which was based on both UN Resolutions and decisions of the European Court of Human Rights;
The later revision in 2000 would go on to require monitoring of scientific research on human subjects to assure ethical standards were being met.
Human Systems Management: Integrating Knowledge, Management and Systems, World Scientific, 2nd Printing 2008.
International partnerships also exist with the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod World Relief and Human Care to provide special programs in Latvia, Romania, Russia, Kenya, and the Dominican Republic.
Carbon rift theory states that these are the result of human production through capitalistic systems.
The concept has been studied by psychologists and may have psychological implications related to facial biases, gender stereotypes, human judgement and decision-making.
In the late 1950s, the idea of an adult human turning into a beast was nothing new, but the idea of a teenager doing just that in a movie was considered avant-garde and even shocking in 1957 when American International Pictures released their horror film, I Was a Teenage Werewolf, one of the studio's biggest hits.
A large number of human rights defenders and community leaders have declared the detainees innocent and the police responsible for the clashes.
The Center is intended for  interdisciplinary research, education, and discussion on ethical, legal, economic, policy, and broader social implications of nanoscale science; it approaches nanotechnology with a special focus on the human condition.
Around human habitations, common brushtails are inventive and determined foragers with a liking for fruit trees, vegetable gardens, and kitchen raids.
Susan Ann Sulley (born 1963), British singer with The Human League
Jacobs described her discovery of this first reported human or mammalian chromosome aneuploidy in her 1981 William Allan Memorial Award address.
Currently there is a division of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services called the Indian Health Service.
"Typical Human Beings" on N&B Research Digest (2004)
Nutrient inputs from the ocean are little changed by human activity, although climate change may alter the water flows across the shelf break.
Gareth Ware of DIY called OMD "one of the guiding lights of British synth-pop... albeit one with a disarming naivety and warm characterful nature at odds with the sleek, chic image cultivated by the likes of [the] Human League and Depeche Mode."
The book takes place in the far future when interstellar flight have caused mutations in the human race.
“Participation” or “participative justice” is the input principle that promotes the fundamental human right of every person to equal opportunity to live in a system that promotes their dignity and access to social means for empowering them to contribute their labor as well as their capital, to the production of marketable goods and services.
A Kohen may be disqualified by, e.g., having imbibed too much alcohol, having a severe speech impediment, blindness, having taken a human life, having married a disqualifying wife (such as a divorcée), or the recent death of a close relation.
During war, tigers may acquire a taste for human flesh from the consumption of corpses which have lain unburied, and go on to attack soldiers; this happened during the Vietnam and Second World Wars.
Segmentation is the physical characteristic by which the human body is divided into repeating subunits called segments arranged along a longitudinal axis.
Cockburn examines the Red Lady of Paviland at the National Museum of Wales, which is the first anatomically modern human discovered in Britain and the oldest ceremonial burial in Europe.
The Human Genome Project was the crown jewel of 20th century biology.
Analysis of the human remains by Michael Pietrusewsky and Michele Toomay Douglas revealed that the people lived a vigorous and active lifestyle with little evidence of interpersonal violence or any form of warfare.The subsistence was based on mixed agricultural/hunting/gathering economy, co-occurring with metallurgy.
Images showing dozens of bodies lined up on the street were uncovered, and human rights groups used them as evidence to show that the death toll was much higher than government figures.
In February 2020, the Ministry was merged with Ministry of Labour and Social Development into a new ministry called Ministry of Human Resources and Social Development.
Inside the chamber had been deposited human bone, cremated bone, flint artefacts, and ceramic sherds.
Three species of New Zealand lizards have been declared extinct since human arrival, and a further eight survive only on outer islands where there are fewer predators.
 2012 – Finalist: Human Rights Awards, Media, for Am I Black Enough for You?
The reconstructive nature of human memory  can be demonstrated through the use of schemas; a memory blueprint that provides insight and guidance as to what one might expect from certain events.
From 1945 to 1956, Melby served as dean of the School of Education (now Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development) at New York University.
A kanjō was the request of the Buddha's sermon with a sincere heart, and later came to mean the urging of a buddha or bodhisattva to remain in this world to preach and save other human beings.
Human Flesh Search Engine is a Chinese documentary released on 18 July 2009.
In October 2011 Richard A. Falk, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on "the situation of human rights in the Palestinian Territories occupied since 1967", said that "The failure to prevent and punish settler violence remains a serious and ongoing violation of Israel's fundamental legal obligation to protect the civilian population."
 Concurrent interactions with other disciplines, such as system software and hardware, human factors, test engineering; system management, operation, and maintenance
In 2015, the European COST Action TD1407 created a network of scientists working and interested on TCEs, from an environmental perspective to potential human health threats.
RRM domains are one of the most common in the human genome and are found in numerous proteins which bind RNA molecules.
Kapt'n Buddelmann (eng: Captain Digger) an old sailor and the most important human reference person - voiced by Henning Schlüter.
The windows are small compared to the gaps between them, but there are sufficiently many for human occupants to patch together a moderately good view.
Enemies at first, they grow to love each other like mother and daughter, and discover that the human spirit can survive and transcend the most challenging of circumstances.
In March 2009 the Inter-American Court of Human Rights concluded two cases brought against Venezuela by the private Venezuelan TV stations Globovisión and RCTV.
They purified anti-thyroglobulin antibody from their serum and were able to conclude that these sick patients have an immunological reaction to human thyroglobulin.
To maintain economic growth through the 1980s, a period in which the labor force had been declining significantly, intensive and more prudent use of both natural and human resources was required.
Its proximity to a spring may be to do with birth of life and human life-cycle rituals.
He is a peaceful dragon who abandoned his cruel and violent nature after befriending a human girl named , whom he lives with.
Causes of human losses (% of total) !!
Education scholar Yoshiharu Nakagawa argues, however, that Rāhula's story points at two ideals of childhood which exist parallel in Buddhism: that of the common child, subject to the human condition, and that of the child with a potential for enlightenment, who Crosby describes as a heroic disciple.
Responding to the government statement, Sarah Leah Whitson of Human Rights Watch stated "If this is their complete reply, then sadly it's a scam and it's a sham.
After Pacific went under, Henley reported that the water was filled with "a floating mass of human beings, whose screams for help were fearful, but which soon ceased".
Human rights, freedom and democracy are perceived as hidden instruments of power which serve the interests of Western nations, and of America, in particular.
Biomimetic microsystems: Engineering microsystem technologies that reconstitute complex human organ-level functions for use in drug testing, diagnostic and therapeutic applications
These include Jeremy Bamber and Gary Vinter, whose second legal challenge to the European Court of Human Rights was successful, although the High Court later ruled that whole life sentences could still be issued as long as they were reviewed within 25 years of being issued.
One of the applications of the work is in the field of Strategic Sustainable Development, where the fundamental human needs (not the marketed or created desires and wants) are used in the Brundtland definition.
At the World Economic Forum’s Jobs Reset Summit in October 2020, Leena Nair, Unilever's Chief Human Resources Officer, announced a “first of its kind” collaborative partnership with Walmart, Accenture, and SkyHive to create “reskilling and redeployment pathways” for thousands of roles in the consumer goods industry.
Throughout the story, she tries to come to terms with her body while still trying to convince herself that she is still human.
Recent discovery regarding presence of DNA sequences homologous to ATCV-1 in the human oropharyngeal virome, as well as the subsequent studies demonstrating successful infection of mammalian animal model by ATCV-1, also point to the likelihood of ancient evolutionary history of chloroviruses, which possess structural features and utilize molecular mechanisms that potentially allow for replication within diverse animal hosts.
Since social groups are thus fundamental for human growth and prosperity, the thesis from which optimal distinctiveness was created states that distinctiveness itself is the motive which determines the "selection and strength of social identities"  between social groups and satisfies an individual's own psychological needs.
According to several foreign organisations, the country has widespread poverty, pervasive corruption, lack of political freedoms, low human development and a high rate of hunger.
Hearing is one of the most crucial means of survival in the animal world and speech is one of the most distinctive characteristics of human development and culture.
Edwards' climbing style was described by Geoffrey Winthrop Young as "serpentine and as powerful as an anaconda coiling up loose or wet overhangs, I had the conviction that human adhesiveness in movement could go no further".
In Kingsley’s novel Alton Locke (1850), the man “explores the nature of human society and the opportunities for manly Christian work within and for it”.
The experience of sexual guilt, for example, is one of the best ways to account for the variability in human sexual expression.
Morris "Moe" Foner (1916 – January 10, 2002) was a labor leader active in Union 1199, the New York Health and Human Service Union.
Human Development Index: 0.949, 1 out of 341 (2003)
Children are used as human shields on front lines and to provide blood transfusions for Islamic State soldiers, according to Shelly Whitman of the Roméo Dallaire Child Soldiers Initiative.
Secondly, the specific image of the persecuted human fleeing from his tormentors is an all too familiar archetype of pogroms and persecutions.
None of Condorcet's writings refer to a belief in a religion or a god who intervenes in human affairs.
IL1R1 also denotes its human gene.
According to the traditions of the family, their ancestor, Bharat Singh, was a Chauhan Rajput, who took Mandhata from Nathu Bhil in A.D. 1165, and restored the worship of Siva to the island, which had been made inaccessible to pilgrims by the terrible deities, Kali and Bhairava, devourers of human flesh.
IC4E advocates for human rights for intersex people in the United States via personal communication, consulting, public speaking, publishing, and lobbying.
A year later, the Chinese announced during the UN World Conference on Human Rights in Vienna they would train him in Tsurphu for his future task as the successor of the Dalai Lama.
The fee sparked outrage across the country amid a moral debate over the value of a single human being when lives were being lost to war so cheaply.
At the 1985 election the party won only 15 of 47 seats, but was able to form a coalition government in December 1985 after 11 Human Rights Protection Party MPs crossed the floor to vote against the budget of then-Prime Minister Tofilau Eti Alesana.
2017 – Professor Genevieve Bell – "Fast, Smart and Connected: What is it to be Human, and Australian, in a Digital World?"
One of the localities is close to human residences, making contamination of water a potential threat.
The importance of stone tools, circa 2.5 million years ago, is considered fundamental in the human development in the hunting hypothesis.
Israilov had told Austrian authorities in 2008 that he had been threatened by an agent sent by Kadyrov to drop his lawsuit against the Chechen leader at the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, France.
Eva Fernández Domínguez extracted samples of mitochondrial DNA from human bones from Tell Halula as part of the studies for her PhD thesis accepted at the University of Barcelona in 2005.
After she left the church, she felt like she was "starting [her] new life at the age of 43, with a mission on earth for human beings, and not mansion in heaven for [her]self."
His role on the committee allowed him to explore his interest in human biology.
Environmental ethicist Bill McKibben argued against germinal choice technology and other advanced biotechnological strategies for human enhancement.
Pfizer voluntarily removed it from the market for human use on commercial grounds.
However, some still take issue with Riah, asserting that he is "too gentle to be a believable human being."
Nibizi has since reported to the United Nations on human rights violations in Burundi.
Infant apes appear more human like because of the "shape of their forehead and the lack of fully developed brow ridges".
Detective Geyer wrote, "The deeper we dug, the more horrible the odor became, and when we reached the depth of three feet, we discovered what appeared to be the bone of the forearm of a human being."
PSY – Psychically mutated human whose mutation and defects are of the mind, such as telepathy and telekinesis.
Today the museum, like most similar organisations, no longer collects anatomical or pathological specimens or indeed any specimens of human tissue.
The development of the agricultural economy and the improvement of the standard of living in the city have contributed to emptying the tribes from their population and displacing the human weight from the mountain fortress to the open plain and facilitated the process of military control of the French occupation of the region.
But this London, much like a PG Tips advert, has chimps in human clothing but with their chimpness intact.
Foy stressed the Goodwin decision where the European Court of Human Rights had found that the UK had breached the rights of a transgender woman, including her right to marry.
It was noted that when this occurred, she seemed stronger than human, although the plot point was eventually dropped.
Human Target – Renewed for a second season on May 12, 2010.
"The Issue of Human Resources in the Project 'Strengthening Central Support Functions in Serbian Ministries'".
They are cast with complex patterned and zoomorphic decoration, but avoid the human figure, unlike the huge figures only recently discovered at Sanxingdui.
1992), social and human rights activist, critic of torture policies in the administration of George W. Bush
Shalit told the committee that his son has lived without human rights for three years, and that no one, including the Red Cross, knows what happened to him or has paid him a visit.
In light of such ongoing developments, pioneer algorithmic artist Ernest Edmonds has documented the continuing prophetic role of art in human affairs by tracing the early 1960s association between art and the computer up to a present time in which the algorithm is now widely recognized as a key concept for society as a whole.
One suggestion is the resulting fragmentation of agricultural holdings had a significant negative impact in the early years of 19th century, then became positive in the second half of the century because it facilitated the rise in human capital investments.
The presence of water on the surface or underground is necessary and the local or regional management of this essential resource is strategic, but not sufficient to create such areas: continuous human work and know-how (a technical and social culture) are essential to maintain such ecosystems.
He believed in the immense moral and practical value of the study of ancient history and literature—that is, the study of human thought and action.
The Malé Declaration on the Human Dimension of Global Climate Change is a treaty made by representatives of several Small Island Developing States who came together to sign the declaration in November 2007.
Widespread famine in Syria–Palestine possibly set the stage for the plague due to weakened immune resistance and the stockpiling of food reserves in towns and villages, which could attract plague-infected rodents and bring them into contact with the human population, according to Dols.
The Coast Miwok believed in animal and human spirits, and saw the animal spirits as their ancestors.
Kelly decides to save the human race through an elaborate religious hoax, declaring himself to be Kalki and announcing the end of the world.
The fossil is notable in that it had intact DNA which permitted the complete sequencing of its genome, the oldest modern human genome to be so decoded.
Most recently, she has co-edited two volumes on aging, Longer Life and Healthy Aging and Human Longevity, Individual Life Duration, and the Growth of the Oldest-old Population (both published by Springer in 2006).
The human body has several oxygen-conserving adaptations that manifest under diving conditions as part of the mammalian diving reflex.
Miss Davis makes the prim, but stalwart, lady human and credible."
According to Bleibtreu-Ehrenberg, positivist misinterpretation of ethnocentric prejudices as human nature is one of the key maladies of Western civilization, known to Critical Theory as society's totality also influencing much of Western scientific output.
Due to inelastic demand of the human need for shelter, housing prices can therefore be raised above universally-affordable rates.
 Samir Khalaf, Civil and Uncivil Violence in Lebanon: A History of the Internationalization of Human Contact, Columbia University Press, New York 2002. , 0231124767
It has an affinity (Kd) of 0.25 to 0.5 nM for the human AR, which is about 2- to 3-fold higher than that of testosterone (Kd = 0.4 to 1.0 nM) and 15–30 times higher than that of adrenal androgens.
It has been criticized for not disclosing the names of individual perpetrators of abuses and extending accountability only to those who actively carried out human rights violations.
According to a 2007 study submitted by the University of Ottawa to the US Department of Health and Human Services, there is not enough information to determine a safe level of sun exposure that imposes minimal risk of skin cancer.
Jeremy Parish from USGamer called Selphie his favorite role-playing game character, going as far as calling her the first video game character he could relate to as a realistic human being, setting her apart from other game characters given the sharp contrast between her conduct and the rest of her team.
Both movies present human interaction with land, animal, and other nature spirits.
It is determined by a combination of subjective evaluations (such as human senses and building damages) and objective kinetic measures.
At the Arizona State University School of Earth & Space Exploration, Staats contributed to the design of off-world human habitats as project lead for an Interplanetary Initiative Pilot Project (2017–19).
Ireland has raised its concerns in the area of human rights with China on a number of occasions.
That no wooden or frame building hereafter erected or altered and intended to be used for human habitations shall exceed in height three stories, or forty feet [12.1 m] to the roof.
Mary Kerry Kennedy (born 1959), American human rights activist and writer
Vice President for student life Shirley Hoogstra said: "We have conversations about human sexuality on campus and the Equality Ride would fit into that series of conversations.
After the attack, a Muslim engineering student and a friend of a victim stated, "These extremists are not Muslims, they are butchers", he further went on to say, "We need to give these people proper education, to turn them into human beings".
It is set at the height of the Cold War era, depicting a military scientist searching for a way to sustain human life in the event of a nuclear holocaust.
The five-year curriculum aims at training engineers who possess human qualities and are well versed in the primary areas of science and engineering.
They also thrive in human dominated areas such as in suburbs, agricultural fields, and along roadsides.
He is responsible for deeming people worthy of meeting Kami; Goku is the first human he has ever deemed worthy.
In 1982, President Ronald Reagan appointed Perry chief of the Education and Human Resources Division in the Africa Bureau of the United States Agency for International Development.
The book won the Gustavus Myers Award for Literature on Human Rights.
Abduljalil Abdulla al-Singace (, born January 15, 1962) is a Bahraini engineer, blogger, and human rights activist.
She has received the National Medal of Honour in the Grade of "Caballero" from the National Congress of Ecuador for her contribution to the Construction of a Culture of Human Rights, Social Justice, and Peace in Ecuador.
He is one of the earliest supporters of Give to Cure, a non-profit organization devoted to accelerating the process of finding cures for human diseases.
The text specifies that "supplements should contain vitamins/provitamins and minerals whose nutritional value for human beings has been proven by scientific data and whose status as vitamins and minerals is recognised by FAO and WHO."
But, as free will is granted equally to mortals and angels, he decided to become human by "falling".
Goetz's atonement theory therefore emphasized not just human responsibility, but ultimate divine responsibility for the present shape of the world, including its sin, death, suffering and evil.
The initiation of this group and its promotion of human cloning incited much debate among other religious figures, scientists, and ethicists.
An analog of human leptin metreleptin (trade names Myalept, Myalepta) was first approved in Japan in 2013, and in the United States in February 2014 and in Europe in 2018.
"The knowledge that comes from the Holy Spirit, however, is not limited to human knowledge; it is a special gift, which leads us to grasp, through creation, the greatness and love of God and his profound relationship with every creature."
Although there were no human victims, the estimated damage is thought to surpass the floods of 1970.
On the left of the rock is a carved human figure, about 1.10 metres tall, upright, but deteriorated, and possibly male with a beard, wrapped in a toga, holding in his left arm a bulky object.
Alaa Talbi (born 1978), Tunisian Civil Society and Human Rights activist
This can be by animal trails or by human footpaths.
 Human Flag Pull-ups: A pull-up performed while in a flag position.
Pope John XXIII in 1961, after calling the Second Vatican Council and on the 70th anniversary of Rerum Novarum, published the encyclical Mater et Magistra ("Mother and teacher") to encourage Christians to respect human dignity and the community of all peoples.
Her research investigates the cognitive neuroscience of voices, speech and laughter particularly speech perception, speech production, vocal emotions and human communication.
While HTTP's primary goal is to deliver web pages and files over the Internet which are targeted for a human end-user, the REST protocol is mostly used for communication between different software systems, and has a key role in the microservices software architecture pattern.
Then, in 2001, she moved on to working for the Commission on Human Security as a research writer until 2003.
The faculty was the first to begin offering the Human Ageing and Elderly Services degree and also offers the only English-language Physiotherapy degree in the Nordic countries.
Loyal and playful, the GWP thrives on human companionship.
In 2017, an internal investigation found that prison staff was responsible for assaults against a person in custody for charges under MCOCA in Nashik Jail, and referred the matter to the Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission for further investigation.
His studies of human migration have tested hypotheses of linguists Merritt Ruhlen and Joseph Greenberg about language "superfamilies".
In 2011, CIRM awarded $25 million to support a spinal cord injury trial – the first award dedicated to a human clinical trial – to Geron Corporation, which was later taken up by Asterias Biotherapeutics.
The former has addressed the situation of animals kept both for human use, as in zoos or circuses, or in rehabilitation centers.
The Hollywood Reporters John DeFore called the screenplay episodic and found hints the film suggests a vision of "all the region's inhabitants as a single human population".
Blackburn, Roderic H. (1992)” Human Uses of the Ol Pusimoru/ Maasai Mau Forest.” Forest Department & National Resources Institute (UK).
The Doctor discovers Kim is human and a retrovirus implanted the Taresian genes.
The women are not explicitly condemned for their occupation, and some think that the narrator does not intend to discredit them for being prostitutes, and their conduct should be judged against universal human standards.
The personhood amendment defined personhood as "every human being from the moment of fertilization, cloning or the functional equivalent thereof".
In 2019–20, the school offered eight Advanced Placement courses (Biology, Calculus AB, English Literature and Composition, Human Geography, Macroeconomics and Microeconomics, Physics 1, and Statistics).
The establishment of an IT industry in Birtamod take more effective in Human Resource in Birtamod for outsourcing business.
Among other reforms, the accommodation was made fit for human habitation, and the trusty system, (where lifers were armed with rifles and set to guard other inmates), was abolished.
Inland hillforts show signs of human habitation and other uses before and after the Roman era, but cliff castles were occupied sparsely, if at all.
Theory and narrative of human social evolution.
when a national scholarship conducted by the Ministry of Human Resources Development took him to Daly College as a Government Scholar.
This act allowed the house arrest of terrorism suspects where there was insufficient evidence to bring them to trial, involving the derogation (opting-out) of human rights laws, through the imposition of control orders.
Paolo Rossi identified two key points in it: the past importance and later loss of mnemotechnics as a human power, where he argues that she overstated the occult or "Jungian" aspect; and the subsequent marginalization of the area, which he considers valid and of wider applicability.
DJ QBert explains his understanding of the interconnectedness of the human race and how his “destiny” is to better the lives of others through his music.
Touch DNA analysis only requires seven or eight cells from the outermost layer of human skin.
His work explores ideas of human experiences of spirituality, space, time and consciousness.
Scholars debate the extent to which the various social Darwinist ideologies reflect Charles Darwin's own views on human social and economic issues.
Research suggests that greater inequality hinders economic growth, and that land and human capital inequality reduce growth more than inequality of income.
It also involves the collection of data concerning the environmental load of human activity including natural resource use, waste generation, pollution, visual impacts and impacts on flora and fauna.
Human sexuality, unlike gender, has kept a relatively stable definition by which it refers to all sexual attitudes and behaviours in an erotic, or lack of erotic, nature.
It involves a radical redesign of the interface technologies and at a philosophical level, the objective is to provide tools (in the Heidegger sense) which would support human skill and ingenuity rather than machines which would objectivise that knowledge".
When measuring human diversity, a diversity index exemplifies the likelihood that two randomly selected residents have different ethnicities.
Human biceps could be replaced with an 8 mm diameter wire of this material.
Vel blood group, a human blood group implicated in transfusion reactions
(I) Introduced - a species introduced to Eswatini as a consequence, direct or indirect, of human actions
Human Technology: A Toolkit for Authentic Living (2005) Healing Society.
Springball is a sport played by Bajorans and is somewhat similar to the human sport of handball.
In addition to its primary mission to train in the field of human resources for health (sub- decree 127 of the Royal Government of Cambodia), the UHS is to become a multidisciplinary University by 2012, in accordance with the recommendations of government sub-decree 54.
 Groups File Amicus Briefs in Case Involving Osama Bin Laden's Driver, Physicians for Human Rights
P53, a transcription factor, can bind two sites within the human TIGAR gene to activate expression.
Though Hertzka was not a Zionist and his utopian vision was directed at human beings in general, Theodore Herzl acknowledged the influence of Hertzka on his own ideas in the opening chapter of his book Der Judenstaat, envisioning the creation of a Jewish state.
This led to a series of teach-ins, rallies and protests that were planned by the founders in a National Day Of Action on Dec 10 which coincided with Amnesty International's Human Rights Day.
His books and exhibitions, his "topographic work", such as The New Industrial Parks, Nevada, San Quentin Point, Candlestick Point (84 photographs documenting a public space near Candlestick Park, ruined by natural detritus and human intervention), expose the crisis of technology and define both objectivity and the role of the artist in photographs.
Trianna – After the disappearance of the Twins in Eldest, Trianna leads Du Vrangr Gata, a group of weak human magicians.
He started to contribute, as early as in the 1970s, to the awareness of society to global warming and the impact of human activities on climate change.
Chappy, becoming sick of the old customs of her people, left the Land of Magic for the human world.
In 1925 Koskinas published, with neurologist Constantin von Economo (1876-1931), the monumental Cytoarchitektonik der Hirnrinde des erwachsenen Menschen (Cytoarchitectonics of the Adult Human Cerebral Cortex).
The ambitious course of research which SIS had embarked upon under Waxweiler's guidance may readily be summarized by the rubrics under which his Archives Sociologiques arrayed and reviewed new works contributing either to the progress of human sociology or to its introduction (cited in Sch.
The target of Swift's satire is the rationalism of modern economics, and the growth of rationalistic modes of thinking at the expense of more traditional human values.
Economists view firm-specific human capital as risky, since firm closure or industry decline leads to skills that cannot be transferred (the evidence on the quantitative importance of firm specific capital is unresolved).
The design of his human incarnation in Soul Reaver 2 was inspired by the Roman era.
From St. Paul, who uses the term in regard to Jesus’ empties the divine out of himself to assume human form.
On its part the International Centre for Transitional Justice has set nine 'concrete and tangible' goals with focus on "accountability for serious violations of human rights, access to justice, facilitating peace processes, advancing the cause of reconciliation and reforming the state and social institutions".
Sims currently serves of the House Commerce, Game and Fish, Human Services, State Government, and Tourism and Recreation Committees.
On 23 August 1989, 50 years after the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, Latvians, Lithuanians and Estonians joined hands in a human chain that stretched 600 kilometres from Tallinn to Vilnius in order to draw the world's attention to the fate of the Baltic nations.
Human hunting is known to have exterminated megafauna on several islands, switching to other food sources with time or dying out themselves.
During the Lyndon B. Johnson administration, the federal government put Hubbard on trial for conspiracy to violate human rights in an incident involving mob vandalism to the home of a man rumored to have sold the home to an African-American.
Examine and mitigate the effects of human and other activities on both the natural and built environment.
The board comprises members from Ministry of Human Resource Development, Department of Higher Education, Andhra Pradesh Government, two representatives of the Government of India from the fields of architecture and planning, representative of the Institute of Town Planners, Indian Institute of Architects, University Grants Commission, School of Planning and Architecture, Delhi and  All India Council for Technical Education.
In high level computer vision, human structures are frequently used as image features for image matching in different applications.
In December 2007, Protosevich described his plans for it "to be like a superhero origin story, but not one about a human gaining super powers, but of a god realizing his true potential.
Hernandez was the Assistant G-3/5/7, Headquarters, Department of the Army; the Chief, United States Military Training Mission in Saudi Arabia; and the Commander, United States Army Human Resources Command.
In human vision, the useful field of view (or UFOV) is the visual area from which information can be extracted without eye or head movements.
He is an author of numerous scholarly works in the areas of global leadership and international human resource management that, according to Google Scholar has 4651 citations bringing his h-index to 33 and his ¡10-index to 56.
He undertook and concluded several human and structural developmental projects in Okpofe, Ezinihitte and Imo State at large.
This argument typically starts with the Kantian assumption that every human being is a creature of innate dignity, who must always be regarded as an end to itself and never just a means to an end.
The Ethics of Procreation and the Defense of Human Life: Contraception, Artificial Fertilization, and Abortion.
After a 1998 PhD titled  'The impact of human activity on landscape diversity in space and time : measurement and analysis of spatial structure and change in the Milton-Ulladulla area of NSW '  at the Australian National University, Peason moved to the Charles Darwin University and then Massey University, rising to full professor.
(2005) Co-operative OuLiPian Generative Literature using Human Based Evolutionary Computing, GECCO 2005, Washington DC.
Nüwa and her brother-consort Fuxi are represented as having the upper body of a human and the tail of a dragon or serpent.
With Portugal facing a winter drought in early 2022, Matos Fernandes ordered some of the country's hydropower dams to temporarily limit water use for electricity production and irrigation, prioritizing human consumption instead, and to ensure a supply of drinking water for at least two years.
Black is also the founder of pure sociology, a distinctive theoretical approach that explains human behavior with its social geometry.
An additional study, showed that SNAP-25 levels in the hippocampus of the brain in neonatal mice were altered if the mother had been exposed to human influenza virus during pregnancy.
The first known traces of human arthritis date back as far as 4500 BC.
 emphasis on the respect toward each individual, human rights protection and equitable and fair wealth distribution
Inmates personally made numerous complaints to him about poor facilities, and Richardson described the facilities as "unfit for human habitation".
When going as a human, he takes Mikage as his last name.
He is the President of the Human Genome Organization (since 2013), a member of the scientific council of the Swiss National Science Foundation, and chair of the Genetics panel of the European Research Council.
NASA Great Moonbuggy Race, a competition for young students to build and ride a foldable 3- to 4-wheel human powered vehicle for 2 riders, since 1994 in Huntsville, Alabama
Before the story's timeline, he gave this power away to a human and ran, betraying the Earl and the Clan of Noah.
BBX (gene), bobby sox homolog, a human gene
He is a professor of journalism at the International University in Moscow and a member of Russia's Presidential Council for Civil Society and Human Rights.
Graeber's work is very focused on how value categories shape human lives, and the direct political effects of that.
Quantitative human requirement for proteins and individual amino acids.
Directive 2011/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 April 2011 on preventing and combating trafficking in human beings and protecting its victims, and replacing Council Framework Decision 2002/629/JHA.
Human rights organizations around the world decried his arrest and prolonged detention without trial, without bail.
At the 40th Golden Raspberry Awards, an annual "award" for films of low quality, Dragged Across Concrete was nominated in a new category, "Worst Reckless Disregard for Human Life and Public Property."
You take the human struggle to survive, particularly in a beautiful place they love, and you've pinned down a lot of artistic inspiration."
However, during crucial moments, she will go into a trance and perform feats that cannot be classified as human such as regenerating.
In 1965 he took part in "Vision 65", the first World Congress on New Challenges to Human Communication, held at the Southern Illinois University in Carbondale.
"The thesis that God has existed in human form, was born, grew up; is certainly the paradox in the strictest sense, the absolute paradox."
In Toonen v Australia the United Nations Human Rights Committee (UNHRC) found that the reference to "sex" in Article 2 of the ICCPR included sexual orientation, thereby making sexual orientation prohibited grounds of distinction in respect of the enjoyment of rights under the ICCPR.
Power and Carnesky wrote, 'We believe that disregard for the cycles of the human body echoes a disregard for the cycles of the planet and for each other.
A principle of figuration emerges and then develops with the typical Stengelian figure, a human silhouette that stands out on an imaginary theatrical backdrop.
Tool use remained relatively unchanged for most of early human history.
 Sophie Constanti: (The Dancing Times (U.K.), January 1994) "Marks can focus your attention ..ment alone, yet she can also show you how pure dance is unavoidably shaped by human emotion, by a particular performer, by group dynamics and by how we choose to respond to these aspects of dance, of theatre, of people."
The terms job design and work design are often used interchangeably in psychology and human resource management literature, and the distinction is not always well-defined.
Controlled animal and human studies showed that caffeine (energy drinks) in combination with alcohol increased the craving for more alcohol more strongly than alcohol alone.
In 2019, 16 years after the events of The House of the Dead 4, the zombie infestation has spread across the world, resulting in the collapse of human civilization and leaving the world in utter desolation.
In Episode 37, she is awakened through the efforts of SoLaMi♡Dressing and the entirety of PriPara, assuming a new form (losing her robot-like voice and now being capable of trading Friends Tickets, implying that she's human now).
She was a member of Academy of Science of South Africa panel which produced the report on Diversity in human sexuality: Implications for policy in Africa.
Walker highlighted the way that Lord had avoided telling the story through the prism of social class, which had been the usual style of previous narratives, and instead successfully depicted the human element of the story by showing how those aboard reacted to the disaster whatever their class.
Nurmagomedov has also hosted a training seminar at the Akhmat MMA fight club that is funded by Head of the Chechen Republic Ramzan Kadyrov, who has received criticism from some quarters for his government's alleged human rights abuses.
Human rights in Tibet prior to its annexation by the People's Republic of China differed considerably from those in the modern era.
They were not mummified to the same meticulous extent that a pet or human mummy would be, but the animals were nonetheless carefully preserved using natron and other special salts.
In November 2006, 50 veiled Palestinian women responded to a Hamas radio appeal to act as human shields between Israeli soldiers and Palestinian gunmen hiding in a Gaza mosque.
(An articulated robotic arm to carry a human & respiration synchronization method)
This version wears a special belt that can enable him to travel through time and assume a human form.
During the Maximum, most of Northern Europe was covered by an ice-sheet, forcing human populations into the areas known as Last Glacial Maximum refugia, including modern Italy and the Balkans, parts of the Iberian Peninsula and areas around the Black Sea.
Bronze Age artefacts include pottery vessels, with human remains found in Little Gonerby, a Beaker pot, Beaker pottery sherds, cinerary urns and a food vessel, and a later cemetery at Belton Lane, but there is little direct evidence of Bronze Age settlement in the area of the modern town.
This bias describes human belief revision in which people over-weigh the prior distribution (base rate) and under-weigh new sample evidence when compared to Bayesian belief-revision.
Martin's ultimate aim is an exploration of the internal conflicts that define the human condition, which, in deriving inspiration from William Faulkner, he ultimately describes as the only reason to read any literature, regardless of genre.
Elephants are capable of dilating their nostrils at a radius of nearly 30%, increasing the nasal volume by 64%, and can inhale at over  which is around 30 times the speed of a human sneeze.
It identifies human faces in digital images.
But never saw human being.
The first documented human presence was in 8500 BC.
After serving as director of personnel and director of human resources for the South Dakota Army National Guard, Carpenter commanded the 109th Engineer Group from 1998 to 1999.
This is a list of regions of Guinea by Human Development Index as of 2021 with data for the year 2019.
He seems to have no bias on any subject and looks on the whole human race as mental."
The earliest human traces are from the Stone Age, circa 8000 BC.
Some of these books posit that prophets or messiahs were sent to the human race in order to teach morality and encourage the development of civilization (see, for example, Rael and Zecharia Sitchin).
The pedagogy advocates the use of human resources, i.e., "culture-bearers," as well as deep and continued listening to archived resources such as those of Smithsonian Folkways Recordings.
He has published numerous articles on human rights and land rights.
According to Human Rights Watch, hostilities broke out in West Darfur in 1998.
From 2006 to 2011 Hartland was the Deputy Secretary of Service Delivery Reform for the Department of Human Services.
The announcement was met with criticism from some feminist and LGBT groups, including Engender, The Equality Network and the Scottish Trans Alliance, who expressed their concerns that the Campaign's aims would breach Human Rights law, and in particular the rights of transgender people.
The Human Resource Group "oversee recruitment and appointment, management of establishment matters for Education Officers, Executive & Administrative Staff, Allied Educators (EO/EAS/AED), employee engagement and HR partnerships with schools and HQ Divisions".
Under current law, HHS already provides a multiyear grant that partially funds the National Human Trafficking Resource Center.
From 2011 to 2013 she served as Assistant Secretary for Disability Policies and Programs for the Massachusetts Executive Office of Health and Human Services.
The horses are not allowed to gallop; they pull a small vehicle ridden by the human racer.
Kaku also speculates about the effects that such technology may have on the future of the human species.
Human ears are well-tuned to detecting these errors, but careful work by developers can minimize errors and improve the speech output quality.
Behind the Peony Pavilion's  exquisite lyrics and its unusual  plot of love affair lurks the idea that  sensitivity and romance  provide a gateway to an uncanny realm that transcends the seemingly inescapable human condition: the finite subject entrapped in his  limited capsule both cognitively and emotionally.
International Human Rights Law and Canadian Law: Legal Commitment, Implementation and the Charter (Carswell, 3rd ed.
SGI engagement as a religious NGO affiliated with the United Nations in policy discussions on issues including human rights, sustainable development and peace building is similarly described, in the phrasing of its Charter, as contributing to peace, culture and education.
He was also chairperson of the National Commission for Democracy and Human Rights from 1999 to March 2003.
And he is determined to get these glimpses of a disappearing Chicago on paper before they are ploughed under to make way for new high-rise apartments, or succumb to the creeping wave of debris, human and material, so characteristic of most large cities these days."
An underground-dweller named Chi-chan wanted to come to the human world in search for sweets.
Schäfer observed Tibetan rituals, including sky burial, and even bought some human skulls.
King's technique, using mitochondrial DNA and human leukocyte antigen serotyping genetic markers from dental samples, proved invaluable.
Williams covers five songs on the album: "Louise", a 1984 hit for The Human League, "Kiss Me", the biggest hit for Stephen Duffy, "Lovelight" by Lewis Taylor, "We're the Pet Shop Boys" by My Robot Friend, and "Bongo Bong and Je ne t'aime plus", by Manu Chao.
Although their effects on human populations can be devastating, tropical cyclones may play a role in relieving drought conditions, though this claim is disputed.
Time Out London wrote, "As a diatribe against all that is worst in human nature, it has moments dipped in pure vitriol."
The management has to obtain healthy and stable forest systems that produce wood with a minimum human intervention.
After he completed his PhD, Azrin did  two postdoctoral years as a  research psychologist, first at the Institute of Living, with Karl H. Pribram, and then with the US Army Ordinance studying human factors in fatigue.
ASCM are still politically active and continue to offer opportunities for students to be involved in Human Rights and a world wide recognition of women's rights in differing cultures.
In vitro decidualization results in similar morphological changes to the human ESCs as well as upregulated production of decidualization markers such as IGFBP1 and prolactin.
Te Kakeega II has identified the following key objectives in regards the development of the education system: (i) Curriculum and Assessment Improvement, (ii) Increased student participation by ensuring access and equity for students with special needs, (iii) Improved quality and efficiency of management, (iv) Human Resource Development, (v) Strengthened community partnerships and develop a culture of working together.
Miller's Anesthesia notes that a point mutation in the gene for human serum cholinesterase has been identified that changes Asp-70 to Gly in the atypical form of serum cholinesterase.
Spectral sensitivities of the human cones.
Giammarinaro served from 2006 until 2009 in the European Commission's Directorate-General for Justice, Freedom and Security of the European Commission in Brussels, where she was responsible for work to combat human trafficking and the sexual exploitation of children, as well as for penal aspects of illegal immigration within the unit dealing with the fight against organized crime.
Specifically, media ownership transparency is crucial for promoting media pluralism, a principle set forth in the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) which entails a positive obligation for the state to "put in place an appropriate legislative and administrative framework to guarantee effective pluralism".
Proponents of the practice claim that some participants choose a life of ritual servitude of their own volition, but human rights organizations claim that while this may be theoretically possible, they haven't found one yet.
The human protein 26S protease regulatory subunit 7 is 48.6kDa in size and composed of 433 amino acids.
Macedonia's actions against Jovan have been denounced by the European Convention on Human Rights, which demanded that Macedonia pay 11,400 euros in restitution to Jovan.
As we neared the city, sacrificed human beings were lying in the path and bush—even in the king's compound the sight and stench of them was awful.
The emergence of powerful new measurement techniques such as neuroimaging (e.g., fMRI, PET, SPECT), EEG, MEG, electrophysiology, optogenetics and human genetic analysis combined with sophisticated experimental techniques from cognitive psychology allows neuroscientists and psychologists to address abstract questions such as how cognition and emotion are mapped to specific neural substrates.
Compare this horrible nightmare with Lawson's '"The Drover's Wife," and you will realise the difference between the relentless, the strained, and the terrible, and that which is human."
Hurrarc – Human Rights Respect Awareness Raising Campaigners, Sierra Leone NGO
An artificial brain (or artificial mind) is software and hardware with cognitive abilities similar to those of the animal or human brain.
She added that "It was nice to see Kelly’s love life resuscitated after her disappointing ‘like-a-cousin’ moment with Nathan and her fleeting romance with Bruno, the escaped monkey who turned into a human but ended up getting shot".
In 1855, French count Arthur de Gobineau published his infamous work An Essay on the Inequality of the Human Races.
In human patients such stimulation may cause acute pain, muscle spasms, and even cardiac arrest.
Seibert-Fohr was the holder of the Chair for Public Law, International Law and Human Rights at the University of Göttingen from 2013 until 2016, when she was assigned Professor at the University of Heidelberg.
Comprising seven tracks, Human grapples with existential topics like freedom and existence.
Since 1991, the UN General Assembly has adopted twenty-five different resolutions regarding Myanmar's government, condemning previous military juntas for their systematic violations of human rights and lack of political freedom.
The research team had submitted a report to the Research Ethics Committee of the Ministry of Health and proposed a plan for the third phase of human trials.
I am not a human being, but a spirit and a demon from the hottest hell.
The commercial activity is aimed at the delivery of fish and other seafood products for human consumption or use as raw material in other industrial processes.
The institute was renamed the Dight Institute for the Promotion of Human Genetics and was in operation until the late 1960s when it was divested, and it later closed in the 1990s.
Near Folsom, New Mexico, Carl Schwachheim found a man-made spearhead imbedded in the skeleton of an ancient bison, proving that human beings had arrived in North America at the end of the last Ice Age, earlier than believed.
Among the distant homologues found in eukaryotes are members of the DASS family (TC# 2.A.47) including the rat renal Na+:sulfate cotransporter (Q07782) and the human renal Na+:dicarboxylate cotransporter (gbU26209).
On 13 August 2004, while Suood was a member of the National Human Rights Commission, he was arrested and held in solitary confinement in the notorious Dhoonidhoo prison for 81 days, without access to a lawyer.
The victims' demise had none of the hallmarks of traditional human sacrifices, and when the bones are examined by physical anthropologists it is discovered that they were not captured slaves at all but nobility.
Unlike Herodotus, whose stories often teach that a hubris invites the wrath of the deities, Thucydides does not acknowledge divine intervention in human affairs.
The Court of Human Relations.
 College of Human Science and Technology
"A microRNA polycistron as a potential human oncogene".
Serving in the cabinet as Minister of Justice and Human Rights, his term would be shortened due to the dissolution of Congress issued by president Vizcarra on September 30, 2019.
Later he was trained at the Bramshill Police Staff College, United Kingdom and the Human Rights Centre at Geneva, Switzerland.
Protozoa serve as natural hosts, and Leishmaniaviruses are present in several species of the human protozoan parasite Leishmania.
 Joint Committee on Human Rights, Legislative Scrutiny: Equality Bill (second report); Digital Economy Bill (2009-10, HL 73, HC 425) 14-16
His work is described as "The imagery of fearless human figures, which are in the motion of running, seems to burst free from their skin with their flesh, blood, and sinew…"
Members of the Democratic Youth Federation of India, All India Democratic Women's Association, the Students Federation of India, Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi formed a human chain in Pudukkottai demanding that the accused be brought to justice.
For Raimon Panikkar it is also important to connect religion and philosophy as they are both key elements of human reality and important to many cultures.
Plasma-based human albumin is used mainly to increase blood volume while Immunoglobulin is used for disease prevention and treatment.
Half Kryptonian and half human, Jon is the biological son of post-Crisis Superman / Clark Kent and Lois Lane, and the couple's child in DC Comics canon.
"The efforts of the Government and the UN have also translated into an improved Human Development Index (HDI) in Azerbaijan, which has increased by 30 per cent between 1995 and 2015.
These include "interventions around race and representation", the historic and recent deciding factor that started "the war of ‘terror’", as well as what he calls "a radical version of human rights activism."
These robot arms have seven degrees of freedom and are kinematically redundant with a structural layout similar to that of the human arm.
The SSA published the Grass Curtain and issued press releases about human rights violations and epidemics in southern Sudan.
This short story contains many Gothic Fiction themes such as loneliness, human attraction to one's own atavistic natures and the uncanny.
The Greek physician Galen studied human anatomy and was one of the greatest surgeons of the ancient world, but after the fall of the Western Roman Empire and the onset of the Early Middle Ages, the Greek tradition of medicine and scientific study went into decline in Western Europe, although it continued in the medieval Islamic world.
On December 23, 2015, the band released a remix album of The Human Paradox called Remixing the Paradox.
Research on damage to human cells underscored, for Robèrt, the importance of environmental concerns.
The investigators were subsequently fired by the human resources personnel that they were originally sent to investigate, and removed from the base under armed guard.
Adelina Nicholls is a sociologist and one of the co-founders of the Georgia Latino Alliance for Human Rights (GLAHR).
The Provincial Government carries out various types of development programs, including through infrastructure improvements as a pillar to drive development, providing agricultural production facilities, providing guarantor funds, increasing agricultural human resources, facilitating marketing with guaranteed basic prices etc., and by arranging various programs, such as
Like all tarantulas, T. blondi spiders have fangs large enough () to break the skin of a human.
This may lead to shorter compilation times, lower cognitive load, less human error, and fewer forgotten or overlooked pieces of code.
Trandahl was a board member of Human Rights Campaign.
Redress, or The Redress Trust, is a human rights organisation based in London, England, that helps survivors of torture to obtain justice and reparation, in the form of compensation, rehabilitation, official acknowledgement of the wrong and formal apologies.
The use of antimicrobials is limited due to macrolides being of importance within human medicine, and withdrawal rates can impede economic returns and therefore their choice as a treatment option.
The human cost of the new occupation wars is mainly due to infantry lack of adequate protection.
"To The One Of Fictive Music" is one deep and difficult justification for this description, invoking the muse of poetry for "an image that is sure" in a kind of music that "gives motion to perfection more serene" than other forms of music summoned by the human condition.
It provides news on each week's issues, top stories, advertising and marketing, banking, economy, education, health care, hospitality and tourism, human resources, media and entertainment, politics, real estate, restaurants, retail/apparel, small business, insider, health pulse, and corrections.
"The way we behave, to treat one another the way we're treating one another, to maintain this level of intolerance and discriminatory prejudice... hateful behavior towards other human beings who are different than you are," Madonna concluded.
Also as of 2010, the municipal Human Development Index was 0.699.
Reviewing Godwin's novel Sherwood (1991), James Idema stated "Once into Parke Godwin`s absorbing and highly original account of the ancient story, an appealing new Robin Hood will come to life...With impressive skill and vivid imagination, he portrays a hero, from childhood to young manhood, who is altogether credible in human terms".
She served on the House Aging and Older Adult Services, Ethics, Health and Human Services, Liquor Control and Transportation Committees and was chairman of the House Subcommittee on Care and Services and the House Subcommittee on Transportation Safety.
Robonaut 2 is employed in situations where risk factors are too high and thus endanger human life.
and "Monaco is at the side of the Ukrainian population and human rights."
During this time, although she was generally employed to install new technology for clean water supplies, it became clear to her that changes in human behaviour, rather than in technology, would be more effective in improving hygiene.
From 1947 to 1952, Wishner worked for the Chicago Mayor's Commission on Human Relations, as head of the commission's department of law and order and then as acting director.
Zolla-Pazner's work has focused on how the immune system responds to the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and, in particular, how antibodies against the viral envelope develop in the course of infection.
Novalis's personal commitment to understanding one's self and the world through nature can be seen in Novalis's unfinished novel, Heinrich von Ofterdingen, in which he uses his knowledge of natural science derived from his work overseeing salt mining to understand the human condition.
He was the author of Citadel, arguably the first virtual world system and one of the longest-running open source projects; the Digital Anatomist software, better known as the Visible Human Project; the original Pascal strek.pas Star Trek game program; the first Loglan parsers; and Mythryl, a production-grade port of SML/NJ.
Bather, who knew how to do bloodletting (Physicians in the Middle Ages believed that most human illnesses were the result of excess fluid in the body (called humour).
In December 2014, Saunders joined the staff of the Human Rights Campaign, the country's largest LGBTQ rights group, as the Southern Regional Field Director.
This trap consists of building an android who believes himself to be human working undercover for the war cause.
“The Impact of Biased Inquiry Strategies on Performance Judgments.” Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes, 57, 411-429.
Sigmund Freud came up with a five-stage theory that stated human beings are born with sexual energy; this energy was thought to develop in five stages (oral, anal, phallic, latency, and genital stages).
Meira Paibis are the women "guardians of civil society" and they carry flaming torches and march through city streets, frequently at night doing a patrol duty, and as a way of protest for seeking redress against human rights violations committed by paramilitary and armed forces units against the innocent.
The September President Barack Obama's visit to Moscow and his talks with Putin were canceled due to temporary asylum in Russia, a former employee of the CIA Edward Snowden, disagreements on the situation in Syria and the problems with human rights in Russia.
For Buber, the fundamental fact of human existence, too readily overlooked by scientific rationalism and abstract philosophical thought, is "man with man", a dialogue which takes place in the "sphere of between" ("das Zwischenmenschliche").
Jamal breaks into Devi's house and is shocked to see Nila who is now a human.
The group's formula was based on diluted skimmed milk, with lactose and potassium chloride added to reach the human milk level.
The New York Times said that Head "was deeply influenced by his mother, a devout woman who imbued him with a warm, human philosophy of life".
In literature covering human sexuality, it is used as an adjective only to negatively allude to penetrative sex acts.
"Tree dotted lawns, tree clumps and compact woods" provided "launds" (pasture) over which the deer were hunted and wooded cover for the deer to avoid human contact.
The New Human, Moderna Museet, Stockholm, Sweden.
Jung attributes human rational thought to be the male nature, while the irrational aspect is considered to be natural female (rational being defined as involving judgment, irrational being defined as involving perceptions).
“Kapkaps with Human Figures from the Solomon Islands,” Academiae Scientiarum Hungarica: Acta Ethnographia, tome 13, fasc.
Gegax was hired directly out of college by Shell Oil Company in Chicago, IL and worked from 1968 to 1973 in Employee Relations (later called Human Resources) and as a Territory Manager servicing service station dealers with territories in the inner city of Chicago’s southside.
Science in Motion: The hands-on exhibits in this gallery's three sections, Energy, Human Body, and Technology, invite visitors of all ages to participate in science by seeing, touching, feeling, hearing, and discovering.
He acknowledged that Zaire was not a "defender of human rights" and said that "our military aid for Zaire has been very modest".
Dependency need continues to be a concept that is of great interest to psychologists (more specifically tied into attachment theory) and is ever-present in the everyday lives of all human beings.
In contrast, some have argued that the Human Rights Act does not give adequate protection to rights because of the ability for the government to derogate from Convention rights under article 15.
Historically, UAVs were only considered as expensive toys, thus, they were mainly used for military purposes such as cargo delivery, remote surveillance, armed attacks, and to reduce the soldiers losses in harsh territory since only a remote human pilot with a radiofrequency control was involved.
 Mowgli (voiced by Emma Tate in seasons 1–2, Sarah Natochenny in season 3) – A young human raised by wolves in the jungle, as the adoptive son of Daruka and Raksha, and the brother of Lali and Bala.
She is a human rights lawyer in her homeland.
An estimated 2 million people joined hands to form a human chain extending  across Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, which had been forcibly reincorporated into the Soviet Union in 1944.
Under the motif of preserving "a world worth living in the digital age", Digitalcourage campaigns for civil and human rights, consumer protection, privacy, freedom of information and related issues.
Building on their work and his own research involving balloon-tipped catheters, Andreas Gruentzig performed the first success percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (known as PTCA or percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI)) on a human on September 16, 1977 at University Hospital, Zurich.
(In reality, the methanobrevibacter smithii is an archaeon found in human guts which helps decompose refined sugars.)
The sculpture style of Francisco Luque is based on a utopic ideal of human beauty where shapes are revealed through peculiar adoptions of the concepts of volume and space.
Sheila White (abolitionist) (born 1988), American abolitionist and human trafficking victim
In 2011 the European Union adopted the legislation Directive 2011/36/EU on preventing and combating trafficking in human beings and protecting its victims.
The journal also publishes articles on health-related aspects of human aging, including biomarkers of aging, multisystem physiology of aging and pathophysiology of age-related diseases.
Before the experiment Jon Osterman was a human of average height.
In 2019, research was published showing that insects are destroyed by human activities like habitat destruction, pesticide poisoning, invasive species and climate change at a rate that will cause the collapse of ecological systems in the next 50 years if it cannot be stopped.
Human Rights Watch reported that Aseemanand played a huge role in the 1998 attacks on Christians in southeastern Gujarat, where dozens of churches were burnt down or damaged.
In August 1946 Endicott was invited to help write a constitution for the new League for the Protection of Human Rights in China.
The institute conducts and supports research on all stages of human development.
Thanks to human childs Jenny and Max, he is freed of his carceral.
When Ray committed suicide after being awakened as a Shinigami and then returned to human by Himekojo, Zero's spirit spoke to Himekojo, requesting her to resurrect him with the forbidden spell as an angel, and returning Ray's soul to his body.
The Department of Health and Human Services has not classified PBDEs as carcinogens.
Also, Electronic Labour Exchange (ELX)is one stop-centre for labor market information, as supervised by the Ministry of Human Resource (MOHR), to enable employers and job seekers to communicate on the same platform.
The human brain does this by carrying around its social group as an "inner troop within our heads".
Using low dose human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to replace FSH during the late follicular phase in women undergoing hyperstimulation as part of IVF may make little or no difference to pregnancy rates, and possibly leads to in an equivalent number of oocytes retrieved, but with less expenditure of FSH.
un-25 is a gene in Neurospora crassa, encode a fungus ortholog of the human 60S ribosomal protein L13, is the structural constituent of ribosome.
The locals named the blockade the carmii, a word for a type of sorghum usually reserved for cattle, but used as human food at the height of the famine.
The Grand Chamber of the European Court of Human Rights held unanimously that there had been a disproportionate and unjustified interference with the right to freedom of association.
Groundwater pollution may occur from human activity (e.g.
Beyerstein's research explored brain mechanisms of perception and consciousness, the effects of drugs on the brain and mind, sense of smell and its lesser-known contributions to human cognition and emotion.
Since 25 January 2012, he is a head of the Board of the Ukrainian Helsinki Human Rights Union.
A growing collection of Arab dress and adornment celebrating human narrative.
Beta-galactose is used in such dairy products as yogurt, sour cream, and some cheeses which are treated with the enzyme to break down any lactose before human consumption.
For this reason, she lacks human emotions such as sympathizing with others.
Except for human herpesvirus 8-positive diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, not otherwise specified, these lymphoid neoplasms are often associated with Epstein-Barr virus infection of the malignant plasmablastic cells.
Jansenism was a Catholic theological movement, primarily in France, that emphasized original sin, human depravity, the necessity of divine grace, and predestination.
It is known to cause human disease, such as colonisation of the lung in cystic fibrosis.
It is said that a mechanical autonomous environment contradicts human consciousness.
While USCCB was being led by Skylstad, it faced the prospect of Amnesty International (AI) abandoning its neutral stance on abortion, and adoption of a policy of furthering abortion as an international human right in certain circumstances.
Joshuan Andre of Christian Music Zine said that "coming up from left field, Brandon's 4th album is pleasantly good and refreshing", and noted that the album contains "a smorgasbord of genres attached to this varied project, inclusive of sombre and uplifting ballads, personal stories of characters revealing the human condition, as well as upbeat guitar twangy southern melodies".
HR professionals manage the human capital of an organization and focus on implementing policies and processes.
It was developed over a 10-year period by MedImmune Inc. by combining human and mouse DNA.
But he does, nevertheless, fighting to survive by thriving on the sheer undying spirit of the human will to survive.
Under the terms of the European Convention on Human Rights Act, passed by the Oireachtas in 2003, ordinary statutes must, when possible, be interpreted in line with the Convention.
The adult worm lives in the human lungs.
There's also a subplot about human cloning.
His looks are different from his original looks, however; he is more thinner and taller, making him look somewhat more like a human, is bright green, and wears sunglasses, a light coat, and, like his original incarnation, a hat.
Both Morocco and the Polisario accuse each other of violating the human rights of the populations under their control, in the Moroccan-controlled parts of Western Sahara and the Tindouf refugee camps in Algeria, respectively.
Just a few days earlier, a group of feminists burned the offices of the Human Rights Commission (Codhem) in Ecatepec in protest against governmental inaction related to femicides, child molestation, and other concerns.
Observing that Crosby's character spent the majority of the film nostalgically mourning "Empty saddles in the old corral" which "by its nature [should have been portrayed as] a private emotion", Greene found Crosby's portrayal to "represent permanent, if disagreeable, human characteristics of nostalgia and self-pity".
Various artists: So Much Fire to Roast Human Flesh (2006, CD, Bastet) – one track by Charlie Nothing, "Fuck You and Your Stupid Wars"
His main interests were industrial safety, Northern Ireland and civil liberties, and he was active in the field of human rights, not least in relation to Greece under the rule of the Colonels.
She is the author of the book "Making Human Rights a Reality."
 Human Metabolome Database: Queuosine (HMDB11596)
VPride Foundation is a Vanuatuan human rights group that advocates for LGBT rights, freedom of speech and freedom of religion.
As Overbeck prepares to be the first human to step on Mars, Fred slips from the ladder and accidentally lands first.
He did things that were very damaging to human beings."
Using an impeller motor to travel through water, it is able to reach victims much faster than a human lifeguard can by swimming, and it is more compact and less expensive to maintain than manned watercraft.
According to biographer John Eisenhower, the invasion of Mexico through Veracruz was "up to that time the most ambitious amphibious expedition in human history."
Erdmann's special merit is that he does not rest content with being a mere summarizer of opinions, but tries to exhibit the history of human thought as a continuous and ever-developing effort to solve the great speculative problems with which man has been confronted in all ages.
SABRE Research UK believes that systematic reviews of the data from existing animal studies will help to ensure that only the highest quality pre-clinical research relevant to human health will be done and made available to clinical research and research programmes.
A primary distinguishing feature is acceptance or otherwise of the 3rd and 4th Ecumenical Councils of 431 and 451, which concerned the precise relationship of the human and divine natures of Christ.
In January 2010, it was announced that the Office for Civil Rights of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services would conduct an investigation.
This illusion is now used extensively in cognitive psychology research, to help map perception pathways in the human brain.
His holistic approach to the human organism produced the principle of self actualization, defined as the driving force that maximizes and determines the path of an individual.
2010 & 2011 Kahn taught a course titled "When Cows Go Crazy: The Inextricable Link Between Human and Animal Health".
First led by directors Kamel Labidi and Ahmad Karaoud, both former prisoners of opinion in Tunisia, the regional office formed an inspiring precedent to a multitude of civil society organizations across the Middle East focusing on the promotion of human rights, accountability, and the abolition of the death penalty.
One such program, Johns Hopkins University, under the leadership of Johns Hopkins University president Ronald J. Daniels and the chief executive officer of Baltimore City Schools, the university's human resources and community affairs departments worked with the school system to develop the Johns Hopkins Takes Time for Schools program in 2009, launching it on March 3, 2010.
His wrestling style has earned him the nickname "the Human Missile".
The exhibition presented new work by Uoo: security gate sculptures altered with silicone, paint, tufts of human hair and rust.
He and his close family have been accused of and are currently under investigation for corruption, and the former president has also been accused of war crimes and human rights violations.
H  - Physical Anthropology, Human biology, Health sciences
The novel as a whole focuses on the problems of language, with constant regard to John Locke's theories in An Essay Concerning Human Understanding.
They also stated: "We recognize no distinction as to nationality or race, caste, or status, color, or sex; our goal is but reconciliation of all human interests, freedom, and happiness for mankind, and the realization and unification of a world republic."
The museum features approximately  of interactive exhibits highlighting geology, wildlife, and human presence in the Greater Yellowstone region.
 M. B. Ogle, 'The Perilous Bridge and Human Automata', Modern Language Notes, Vol.
Psychology (from  psykhē "breath, spirit, soul"; and , -logia "study of") is an academic and applied discipline involving the scientific study of human mental functions and behavior.
In 2018, a Human Lending Library service was established in the Business & IP Centre, allowing social entrepreneurs to receive an hour's mentoring from a high-profile business professional.
а) The “famous” Dnipropetrovsk correctional facility No89 (hereinafter – DCF-89) ranks first among Ukrainian penitentiary institutions as to the number of violations of human rights reported over the last two years.
HRW found no evidence that the civilians were used as human shields, nor had they been shot in crossfire.
The Philippine Railways Institute is a human resources research center on the rail transportation industry in the Philippines.
 Front for Democracy and Human Rights
In 1985 Stewart was commissioned to paint Anodyne, his interpretation of the human brain.
NIF states that while its position is that "Israel is and must be a Jewish and democratic state" it says it was "among the first organizations to see that civil, human and economic rights for Israeli Arabs is an issue crucial to the long-term survival of the state".
Having risen above the human condition, the shaman is not bound by the flow of history.
Alessandra Ramos Makkeda is a Brazilian human rights defender and a prominent activist on LGBTI issues.
It is a UK registered charity (no.279652) and was established in 1980 at Fort Bovisand (then called Diving Diseases Research Centre) to research the effects of underwater diving on human physiology.
In 1977, during his visit to communist Czechoslovakia, he met with philosopher and dissident Jan Patočka, and they discussed Charter 77 and human rights in Czechoslovakia.
The show was funded under Science Foundation Ireland's 2017 Discover programme, working with ESA's Astronaut Centre, to capture the massive group effort behind human space exploration.
Human predation of eggs and meat, as well as the predation of hatchlings by crows, kites, seagulls, and feral dogs, were also contributing factors.
According to archeologists, the first human settlement in the area dates back to 3000 BC or 5000 BC.
HIV is a retrovirus that primarily infects components of the human immune system such as CD4+ T cells, macrophages and dendritic cells.
Later, he studied gene expression in human cells at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory as a senior scientist under James D. Watson.
Sternberg celebrated the opportunities open to an architect in general practice to learn about an extraordinary variety of human activities and occupations.
He said he knew the complaint would probably be dismissed, "but we thought this would be an excellent way to demonstrate the gaping hole in human rights legislation in Ontario, and the [Commission] has done exactly that."
Bacon is known for his doctrine of the "idols of the mind", presented in his Novum Organum, and in his Essays described normal human thinking as biased towards believing in lies.
Scientists predicted that passing through the belts quickly at the spacecraft's high speed would cause a radiation dosage of no more than a chest X-ray, or 1milligray (mGy; during a year, the average human receives a dose of 2to 3mGy).
Human cancer is heterogeneous and recurrent cancer mutations are present only a minority of patient.
Fields of health and human services administration share a common and unique focus on improving the quality of life through client-centered policies and service transactions.
It was founded by Jasmina Bojic, a Stanford educator and film critic, in 1998 to honor the 50th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In addition they received hundreds of reports dealing with civil society and political concerns, human rights, and women and children issues.
Over time, computers gained sentience due to constant exposure to broadcast human data.
Ternifine or Tighennif is the home of a fossil human jawbone dating to the Middle Pleistocene, which French vertebrate paleontologist Camille Arambourg classified as Atlantanthropus mauritanicus in 1955.
In his original human body, Darwin is portrayed by .
A spider-like man who generates razor-sharp strands of webbing that can cut through human bodies with ease.
Over time, the ancient scholars observed that people vary in the quality of virtuous or sinful life they lead, and began questioning how differences in each person's puṇya (merit, good deeds) or pāp (demerit, sin) as human beings affected their afterlife.
Auroville will be a site of material and spiritual researches for a living embodiment of an actual human unity.
 Oliver Driver plays Oscar, a business man who specialises in human resources despite being terrible with people.
He does not seem to discriminate between human women and their robot or "fem-bot" counterparts, and is shown actively pursuing both.
The Scottish Institute of Human Relations (SIHR), now defunct, was constituted as a charitable educational institution in Edinburgh in the early 1970s.
123helpme.com also states that Shakur puts forth an "effort to educate" and "offers hope for those many other human beings chained to a life of gangs simply because of where they live."
Front Line believes that al-Khawaja has been targeted solely as a result of his legitimate work in defending human rights.
Faculty of Science of Human Heath of Universidad Autónoma Gabriel Rene Moreno, Santa Cruz.
One day, she fell from the sky and was picked up by a human girl.
From the third-millennium Old Kingdom of Egypt, belief in an eternal afterlife of the human ka is documented along with the notion that the actions of a person would be assessed to determine the quality of that existence.
He also allegedly admitted to enjoying the taste of human flesh, but later denied being a cannibal.
Shards dating from the Late Bronze Age have been found in a shelter at a place called the Lèque, confirming the existence of human settlement in the Alpilles since prehistoric times.
An anti-slavery activist, at the 2012 Freedom and Honor Conference in Korea, a conference about slavery and human trafficking, Batstone was one of the two keynote speakers.
American magazine Entertainment Weekly wrote, "Do we watch reality television for precious insight into the human condition?
In June 2009 shortly after the controversial elections in Iran, Beigi conducted routine interviews on CNN , MSNBC, BBC, NPR, KIRN and other news outlets providing human rights updates regarding what later became known as the "Green Movement" in Iran.
Seychelles’ sustained investment in social welfare services, such as free primary health care and education up to the post-secondary level, have enabled the country to achieve a high human development index score, among the highest in Africa.
The Camas Centre has two buildings that were built over 160 years ago, and that were renovated in 2006, when mains water was added, along with a 6 kW wind turbine and an Aquatron (composting toilet system), which turns human waste into compost using composting worms.
The town is renowned for its Miao Villages and their custom and human relationships.
CCHR's work in this area strives to address restrictions on and violations of fundamental freedoms encountered by Human Rights Defenders and peaceful protestors.
John Whiting: The Economics of Human Energy in Brooks Adams, Ezra Pound and Robert Theobald
The human characters are replaced with anthropomorphic animals.
in human resources from Troy University as well as an honorary D.P.A.
In the 2013 report of 2012 data, Sudan ranks 171st out of 186 countries on the Human Development Index (HDI).
Subsequently, political economy (the just distribution of wealth) and "political arithmetic" (about taxes) were reorganized into three discrete fields of human activity, namely economics, law and ethics—politics and economics were divorced.
However a human expedition under the leadership of Gen Fudo excavates three very technologically advanced fighter planes, and an organization called  takes over the research of these planes, called , trying to identify how to use them.
Kelley parodied the phrase in a 1992 commercial for Trivial Pursuit's 10th Anniversary Edition, in which the question is asked, "How many chambers are there in a human heart?"
 Structure and Meaning in Human Settlements (Editor, with Tony Atkin, 2005)
In the Matthew Reilly novel, The Four Legendary Kingdoms, a character named "Mephisto", who is a human who has been completely tattooed red, with surgically implanted horns.
It does not bio-accumulate inside human tissue.
After the retirement Justice Patra was appointed as the Chairperson of Odisha Human Rights Commission.
In announcing his election as Chairman of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom in 2013, outgoing Chairwoman Katrina Lantos Swett, a Democrat appointed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, praised George as "a true human rights champion whose compassion for victims of oppression and wisdom about international religious freedom shine through all we have accomplished."
In 1991, he won The Lisl and Leo Eitinger Prize for his work with refugees and human rights.
The Washtenaw County Health Department and Michigan Department of Health and Human Services monitors the water quality and issues advisories when the bacteria levels in the water may pose a health threat.
First elected in 1996, he served on a variety of committees, including the Airport Advisory Council, the Board of School Estimate, the Commission on Child Abuse and Missing Children, the Human Services Advisory Council, and the Organization Rules and Procedures Committee.
An investigation report by a Committee of Inquiry (COI) concluded that the incident could have been prevented and was caused by human error and organisational failures.
It is suggested that this racial disparity leads to active racism which exacerbates the human rights abuses.
On December 8, 2019, County Communist Party Committee Vice Secretary () and County Magistrate () Aizezi Aili () penned a criticism of the Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act.
Ocean development refers to the establishing of human activities at sea and use of the ocean, as well as its governance.
Some interpretations of the law say this organizational pattern mirroring is a helpful feature of such systems, while other interpretations say it's merely a result of human nature or organizational bias.
She tries to run away from her celebrity status and start anew, with a more simple life alongside Hikaru, who is now more confused than ever in defining his feelings for Minmay and Misa Hayase; all of this while new conflicts arise between the human and Zentradi survivors of the first war.
The Old Man of the Mountain, also called the Great Stone Face and the Profile, was a series of five granite cliff ledges on Cannon Mountain in Franconia, New Hampshire, United States, that appeared to be the jagged profile of a human face when viewed from the north.
CHE is one of the few human ecology degree programs offered in Asia.
Because Mali is a landlocked country, and because it is regarded as rank 182 on the UN Human Development Index, Mali is one of the most food deprived countries in the world.
Landscape was a magazine of human geography founded by J.B. Jackson in 1951 and published three times a year in Berkeley, California until 1999.
She was a founder and former chair of the Florida Philanthropic Network and founder-chair of the Alliance for Human Services.
The central case approach is a method of looking at human rights situations.
Discipline is necessary in every society to keep it functioning because human nature is not basically good."
The women's floorball tournament at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games was held at the University of the Philippines College of Human Kinetics Gymnasium in Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines from 25 November to 1 December 2019.
Ambassador for UNASUR in Haiti and Former Deputy Secretary for Human Rights in Argentina.
Loyal to his students, "he followed their triumphs and reverses with a kindly human interest."
Numbers have greatly increased since the cessation of human exploitation for food, a practice that died out around the late 1970s.
A computerized text DAISY book can be read using refreshable Braille display or screen-reading software, printed as Braille book on paper, converted to a talking book using synthesised voice or a human narration, and also printed on paper as large print book.
This means to inquire, first, whether any subsequent Christian witness is appropriate to the earliest apostolic message about Christ, and, second, whether the Christian witness is credible in the light of common human experience.
Bruno Reversade (born 1978) is an American human geneticist and developmental biologist .
Surface processes comprise the action of water, wind, ice, fire, and life on the surface of the Earth, along with chemical reactions that form soils and alter material properties, the stability and rate of change of topography under the force of gravity, and other factors, such as (in the very recent past) human alteration of the landscape.
Darron Collins (born 1970), human ecologist and academic administrator specializing in ethnobotany, who became president of the College of the Atlantic in 2011.
Other human tissue found in the same river was later established to belong to Armitage.
Half Human was part of a mini-cycle of topical films influenced by Eric Shipton's photographs of large footprints found in the snow at Mount Everest in 1951.
It was adopted by the African Union in Maputo, Mozambique, in 2003 in the form of a protocol to the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights (adopted in 1981, enacted in 1986).
At the age of 14, Fatima founded Advocacy for Human Value Foundation; a Non-profitable organization that aims on improving the lives of the most vulnerable by providing them with basic needs such as Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH), health care services, protection and education across Nigeria.
The most important of these human sources is nuclear fuel reprocessing, as krypton-85 is one of the seven common medium-lived fission products.
Kimberly Marteau Emerson is an attorney, advocate and civic leader known for her expertise in the fields of foreign policy, public diplomacy and human rights.
Human brain studies using FMRI (Functional magnetic resonance imaging) revealed a network of regions in the inferior frontal cortex and inferior parietal cortex which are typically activated during imitation tasks.
In a unanimous chamber decision on 10 January 2017, the European Court of Human Rights ruled that states had a wide margin of discretion with regard to the balance between religious freedom and the state's wish to educate pupils according to their tradition and needs.
Something that was real, like her music, and not overly glossy or lacking the human element and soul that you see missing in many music videos today.
In 2010 he was featured in the HUMAN TV documentary De magie van de wetenschap.
Antibodies and antigens, produced in the Human Protein Atlas workflow, are used in research projects to study potential biomarkers in various diseases, such as breast cancer, prostate cancer, colon cancer, diabetes, autoimmune diseases, ovarian cancer and renal failure.
Amrish Puri as Mola Ram: A Thuggee priest who performs rites of human sacrifices.
Similarly, the product of the rat Mup13 gene, Rat n 1, is also a potent human allergen.
The Lamar Series in Western History (formerly the Yale Western Americana series) was established in 1962 to publish works that enhance the understanding of human affairs in the American West and contribute to a wider understanding of why the West matters in the political, social, and cultural life of America.
Andy Kellman of AllMusic said, "Kiss Land is more personal, more human, and will draw his fans closer to him.
Her subject matter almost always revolves around the human form and deals with it in a highly emotional way.
Human has toured and recorded several times since then and continues today.
The young chimpanzee Galen becomes his new assistant, but becomes a fugitive with two human astronauts Virdon and Burke, fleeing from Zaius and his gorilla enforcer, General Urko.
On 22 September 2007, although still under house arrest, Aung San Suu Kyi made a brief public appearance at the gate of her residence in Yangon to accept the blessings of Buddhist monks who were marching in support of human rights.
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen, rated the episode four stars out of five, describing it as a "gripping and sincere portrait of human ugliness at its most banal".
Plunkett received the John Scott Medal from the city of Philadelphia in 1951, for an invention promoting the "comfort, welfare, and happiness of human kind".
In Hawks's view, Reich "seems a contradiction: Rising to the pinnacle of human genetics, he nonetheless exhibits incredible naiveté" in affairs such as when German scientists withdrew from a paper that seemed to them "uncomfortably close to pre-Nazi racial theories", or when Native American specimen donors wished to limit the use of their DNA.
During this period, Wright also earned a Certificate in Psychoanalytic Childcare from the Chicago Institute for Psychoanalysis (1954), a Doctorate in Philosophy of Human Development from the University of Chicago (1957), and an Illinois State license to practice clinical psychology (1959, 1964).
Human (2,542) was the most common racial combination followed by elf (2,257) and then halfling (1,797).
He considers it a weakness to try to find the shape and form of God, or to suppose that such a being would care about human affairs.
The Fundamental Human Rights and Principles 
All research involving human subjects must be approved by an Institutional Review Board (IRB).
Further, if anyone should look upon his human face before the seven years are over, he will have lost and will have to marry the witch.
In Africa, the obstacles facing the project were numerous, given the continent's lack of human and material resources and its political, economic, cultural and linguistic disparities.
Indeed, underreporting of cases of rape during armed conflict is a practical challenge post-conflict communities have to face that is pointed to by a number of actors, including the United Nations Secretary-General, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights as well as international NGOs.
The report offers a comprehensive record of human rights situations of almost 200 countries and territories worldwide, and uses information from nongovernmental and international organizations, U.S. embassies and consulates, and other sources.
The name Santinho (little saint) comes from a human figure engraved (a petroglyph) on an isolated block of rock, the Costão do Santinho.
Cytochrome P450 microsomal enzymes metabolize linoleic acid to a mixture of 13-HODEs and 9-HODEs; these reactions produce racemic mixtures in which the R stereoisomer predominates, for instance by a R/S ratio of 80%/20% for both 13-HODE and 9-HODE in human liver microsomes.
The Human Past, London: Thames and Hudson. .
Part 4 deals with human biosecurity officers.
Now with Luckytama living with his new human friend, Kokoro must make sure she never reveal not tell their secret while meeting other Cocotamas who either befriend her or cause her trouble.
There is another alien faction at work, however, represented on Earth by small spider-like robots that recruit human agents through some form of mind control.
The highest pitch, 17,200 Hz, is near the upper limit of human hearing, and occurs only in a single tone mixture, as the uppermost of its five pitches.
The human toll of the siege of the city is nineteen German dead who are buried in the cemeteries of Reyersviller, Schorbach and in a mass grave, the Bayerngrab, above Schorbach.
Authorizes the reburial of Indian tribal human remains and cultural items found on national forest lands and temporary closure of national forest lands for cultural purposes.
For example, green light with a wavelength of 555 nanometres (a wavelength that can be perceived by the human eye to be green) has a frequency of  ().
The Canadian Human Rights Act allows an exception to reasonable accommodation with respect to religious dress, such as a Sikh turban, when there is a bona fide occupational requirement, such as a workplace requiring a hard hat.
This "hollowness" contributes to the idea of a separate inside; an idea mirrored in the human form.
Massachusetts Secretaries of Health and Human Services
The Jewish calendar date of 14 Nisan was believed to be that of creation, as well as of the Exodus and so of Passover, and Christians held that the new creation, both the death of Jesus and the beginning of his human life, occurred on the same date, which some put at 25 March in the Julian calendar.
Entrepreneurship is probabilistically irrational, it makes little sense to embark upon an economic decision in which its fate is determined by millions of other contingent human beings and their subjective needs and preferences.
Hitler raises the struggle for adequate habitat to a central principle of human history.
An Essay of the Causes of Variety of Complexion and Figure in the Human Species/Samuel Stanhope Smith, D.D.
Snow herself wrote of some ancient Chinese practices involving the harvest and ingestion of human organs for medicinal purposes.
However, when he later revised his book, he found "that such a detailed and minute consideration of the crooked ways and tricks that are used by common human nature to cover up its shortcomings is no longer suited to my temperament and so I lay it aside."
Human and financial cost of the war 
Being the only surviving member of their expedition, the biologist takes time to analyse material she found on her way to the lighthouse and realizes that certain moss and decayed "animals" have human cells.
However, it is possible that erosion and human disturbances affected these graves, inflating the number of graves with no goods.
Equipment problems and environmental factors are also often influenced by human error.
The Human Rights Measurement Initiative gives Uganda a 40% score with regards to absolute poverty.
First established in 1985, they are the brain child of the then human resources minister, P. V. Narasimha Rao (who later became Prime Minister of India) to find and foster talented children from the rural parts of India.
The campaign “calls for TIAA-CREF to divest from companies supporting and profiting from Israeli apartheid, violations of international law, and human rights abuses, such as Elbit, Caterpillar, Motorola, Northrop Grumman and Veolia.” Adalah-NY led a July 2012 protest against TIAA-CREF.
Vues pittoresques et topographiques, Paris 1834) are depicted also human types (Costumes et usages des peuples de la Grèce moderne dessinés sur les lieux, Paris 1828).
The surface of the human face is innervated with a large network of blood vessels.
Since 2018, Empatica has been working in partnership with the U.S. Government's BARDA Division of Research, Innovation and Ventures (DRIVe), under the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), to collaborate on the development of a new smartwatch which will alert users when they are developing a serious respiratory infection before any symptoms appear.
The human CYP family consists of 57 genes, with 18 families and 44 subfamilies.
Specifically, maraviroc is a negative allosteric modulator of the CCR5 receptor, which is found on the surface of certain human cells.
The party's "primary focus" in Central Asia is "socioeconomic and human rights issues", calling for "justice" against "corrupt and repressive state structures".
The Jordan Valley is part of the Levantine corridor and constitutes a route for animal migration, including in the past for the developing human species.
During his time as dean, Klag was appointed to by the United States Department of Health and Human Services to serve as a member of the Health Information Technology Policy Committee.
He believed that the problems of Korea, and human society in general, would be solved through spiritual awakening rather than armed rebellion.
Martin sometimes faced criticism from archaeologists and paleontologists who claimed earlier dates for human arrival in the Americas or later dates for certain extinct animals than the overkill theory would suggest.
Ecology is the study of the interactions between living organisms and their environment; enthnoecology applies a human focused approach to this subject.
Rand acknowledged the importance of emotion for human beings, but she maintained that emotions are a consequence of the conscious or subconscious ideas that a person already accepts, not a means of achieving awareness of reality.
All approaches of design for behaviour change acknowledge that artifacts have an important influence on human behaviour and/or behavioural decisions.
He is later brought back to a nearby human settlement by the dog, searching for a home with her owner once again, and her only surviving pup but is rejected as an abomination.
Prior to his death, Prof. Taflove was implementing petaflops-scale computational microscopy applications of FDTD in support of Prof. Backman's research dealing with the detection of early-stage human cancers and their potential treatment by engineering the physical genomics environment in the nuclei of the cancer cells.
The method measures the ability of compounds to prevent the formation of DCF by 2,2'-Azobis(2-amidinopropane) dihydrochloride (ABAP)-generated peroxyl radicals in human hepatocarcinoma HepG2 cells.
In the models of Daniel A. Helminiak and Bernard Lonergan, human spirit is considered to be the mental functions of awareness, insight, understanding, judgement and other reasoning powers.
His fame for "defeating" Victor and Vilma allows him to take leadership of the remnants of the human race after the impact winter ends.
After criticism from opposition MPs, disability charity Scope, and the Equality and Human Rights Commission, he said that he regretted if his comment "inadvertently caused any offence which was not intended", and that he did not "need any lectures on the damage anxiety does" after childhood experience of anxiety and depression.
Human Rights Watch, June 2007 
... Beside that, every human invention remains feeble."
 Collection Guide to Human curiosity prints, playbills, broadsides and other printed material, 1695–1937 at Houghton Library, Harvard University
These creatures reproduce quickly by raping human women and impregnating them.
 Watson (computer), which could adeptly answer questions in human language
The Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Association advised the Human Rights Commission: "They have not shown that they are sorry or that they will change their ways.
In 2001, the team started to explore the tomb's first lower level, which also contained large amounts of cat mummies beside human mummies, votive objects, statues and sarcophagi.
In a 2012 paper on the University of Mauritius the author states that although there are no records of abuse of human rights or freedom of the state "subtle threats to freedom of expression do exist, especially with regard to criticisms of ruling political parties and their leaders as well as religious groups."
Payne's research focuses on the impact of sleep and stress on human memory and psychological well being.
The Board was expected to provide advice to the Minister of Health on matters related to assisted human reproduction, to oversee and approve the organization's goals, operational policies and budget, and to evaluate AHRC's performance.
In philosophy, the Cartesian Self, a concept developed by René Descartes within Mind-body dualism , is the term provided for an individual's mind or for a human being both of these being given contrasting meanings by Descartes.
The results agreed with the Human Microbiome Project, a metagenomic based approach.
Multiple elements of the Drosophila JAK-STAT signalling pathway bear direct homology to human JAK-STAT pathway genes.
The current name was put in place by the House of Commons effective "September 30, 1997" as it combine its mandate with the "former Standing Committee on Human Rights and the Status of Persons with Disabilities."
(Except for Plymouth Colony and Massachusetts Bay Colony, these English outposts added religious freedom to their democratic systems, an important step towards the development of human rights.)
According to the author, the novel set out to explore the question: "What will become of the human being if he keeps living like he lives now?"
In Ethiopia occurs in the southwest, in Gambela National Park, but in very less numbers possibly due to human settlement and habitat degradation.
As a result of many years of extensive research in developing human performance, Sefcik has developed a model of achieving one’s full potential by balancing and coordinating the energy levels in nine dimension of one’s lifestyle.
In addition to becoming a human rights advocate, Kang became a vocal critic of South Korea's Sunshine Policy under the Kim Dae-jung administration, arguing that it propped up the Kim family dictatorship and worsened the suffering of the North Korean people.
Besides the human habitation, Silsilad also had a horse stable whose substance commonly features in Somali popular culture:
The oldest human traces, mainly arrowheads, in the area of later Berlin are dating to the 9th millennium BC.
Sometimes the term is used interchangeably with anarchism, an ideology which entails opposing authority or hierarchical organization in the conduct of human relations, including the state system.
Banned throughout much of the rest of the world because of the potential threat to human health and the natural environment, Endosulfan is a highly toxic chemical, the safe use of which cannot be guaranteed in the many developing countries it is used in.
From 1971 to 1983 Haywood was director of the John F. Kennedy Center for Research on Education and Human Development.
Article on Corriere della Sera about his human and scientific stature
 Bill text including: Foreword by the Home Secretary, Introduction, Draft Communications Data Bill and Explanatory Notes (interleaved), European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) Memorandum and Delegated Powers Memorandum.
In January 2020, the company earned distinction as "Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality" from the Human Rights Campaign Foundation, receiving a perfect score of 100 points in the national Corporate Equality Index.
In modern times, the wicker man has been symbolically referenced as a part of some neopagan-themed ceremonies, without the human sacrifice, such as at Burning Man.
Every human mind inherits a complement of species-specific "elementary ideas" (Elementargedanken), and hence the minds of all people, regardless of their race or culture, operate in the same way.
For example, he chaired the Human Trafficking Task Force in which the police, the Public Prosecution Service, municipalities, the Royal Marechaussee , the Social Affairs and Employment Inspectorate, the Immigration and Naturalization Service collaborate with the Chamber of commerce , Non-governmental organization and private parties such as the hotel and catering industry.
The increase in human water use in Melbourne in fact doubled the severity of streamflows during the Millennium Drought and also had the effect of making the area more vulnerable to prolonged droughts due to increase dependency on reservoirs.
This human tower tradition originated in the Ball dels Valencians in Valls, first recorded in 1712, and later spread to nearby towns such as Vilafranca del Penedès and Tarragona, and more recently, to other parts of Catalonia.
The North Dakota Department of Labor and Human Rights – Headed by the Commissioner of Labor, the department is responsible for enforcing the state's labor laws, and for educating the public about these laws.
Almeida revealed that the two human viruses were identical to each other, and to IBV as well.
Mayann Francis, former Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia and former director and CEO of the Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission
According to the National Human Rights Commission (Mexico), Mexico has not abided by this law.
Hahn had been fascinated by the "gasp of human magic" in the MCU, and had a general meeting with Marvel Studios as the studio was also interested in working with her.
Generations ago, the people of Oblivion had looked human, until the ruling families attacked their enemies using a plague that stripped its victims' minds bare.
Ghost-walking acrobatics (rigor mortis state of human body projected) after breaking out of the coffin in rescue the scholar scene
The Empires of Egypt, China and Japan are named the most durable political structures in human history.
Two commonly discussed types of theoretical human cloning are therapeutic cloning and reproductive cloning.
Organizational Behavior and Human Performance [online].1975. doi: 10.1016/0030-5073(75)90005-7.
There are not any real threats, human induced or otherwise, that have been linked to adversely affecting the species.
This is a staple of human history, and we started to look through film samples of it.
A British human rights organization Hong Kong Watch, which is concerned about Hong Kong affairs, broadcast the program Glory Hong Kong International Traveler conducted from Toronto, Canada at 10 pm Hong Kong time, in support of the imprisoned protesters and 12 Hong Kong people.
For these Olympics, Human spent time training in Turkey and Finland, and also traveled to Korea prior to the event.
Train and educate soldiers and civilians in Financial Management, Human Resources Support, Music Support, Postal Operations, and Recruiting and Retention; develop complementary concepts, doctrine, organizations, and materiel to strengthen an all volunteer U.S. Army as America's force of decisive action.
And the piles upon piles of human ashes.
The accident was attributed to human error after CCTV footage showed staff had not checked the rider's restraint was in a safe position.
Prior to his appointment to the court, he was active in judicial and electoral affairs of South Sulawesi, having served on the province's Justice and Human Rights Regional Office, General Election Supervisory Committee and as the ombudsmen of Makassar.
The complementary DNA (cDNA) of human MMP7 was isolated in 1988 by Muller et al.
Moore made a series of sculptures of draped human forms in the 1950s after he was commissioned to create a sculpture for the new UNESCO Headquarters building in Paris.
April 12 – The Soviet Union's launch of Yuri Gagarin into low Earth orbit aboard Vostok 1 marks the first time a human being is launched into outer space.
The Hollywood Reporter commented on Mushrooms that, "The film's abstract naturalism does create an austere portrait of a crass and careless human society but any larger meaning gets lost amid the film's many non-events and preening nihilism."
It has been found that bevirimat does not inhibit the cytochrome P450 system or interact with the human P-glycoprotein.
This inspired him to create a melancholic football anthem with more human character than the usual heroic and patriotic sports songs, stating in interviews that he "wanted to replace the clenched fist and testosterone with romance" and "at all costs [wanted to] avoid the feeling of Norwegian disco when it gets heroic, plastic and jaunty like that".
rubbish *  worthless, unwanted material that is rejected or thrown out; debris; litter; metaphorically: bad human output, such as a weak argument or a poorly written novel (US: trash, garbage)
This focuses on human stories about alternative power sources, renewable energies, and attempts to alleviate, adjust or cope with the rise of global temperatures, the biggest challenge our world has ever faced.
In February 2012, Mary Robinson and Desmond Tutu wrote an op-ed in The Guardian, urging the member states of the United Nations Human Rights Council "to support a resolution that seeks accountability for the terrible violations of international law that have taken place, and establishes mechanisms to monitor progress on the steps the government is taking on accountability".
The human input has different meanings depending on the context.
The high speeds, fuel tanks, atmospheric conditions at cruise altitudes, natural hazards (thunderstorms, hail and bird strikes) and human error are some of the many hazards that pose a threat to air travel.
In 2004 she founded an organization called Atina in Serbia, "Association of Citizens to Combat Human Trafficking and all Forms of Gender-Based Violence".
With an intimate knowledge of human behavior and a masterful understanding of the mind, this quirky, crime-solving professor pulls lessons from an odd and imaginative view of the world."
a) Relics for deposition should be of such a size that they can be recognized as parts of human bodies.
Sheikh Mohamed Abdi Aware was notorious for sentencing many Islamists from Al-Shabaab and other rebel movements as well as tens of pirates and human traffickers and putting them into jail.
This practice includes NGOs that are geared towards development as well as human rights.
For services to Human and Animal Nutrition.
Fusing a fluorescent protein to dCas9 allows for imaging of genomic loci in living human cells.
The scientist is abducted by the evil robots for his research on putting human brains into robots.
Legal or human rights observers act as an independent third party within a conflictual civil protest context, observing police behaviour in order to keep police accountable for their actions.
 The human genome (Kent, 2002)
Though he acknowledged that the King verdicts were plainly unjust, he said that "we simply cannot condone violence as a way of changing the system ... Mob brutality, the total loss of respect for human life was sickeningly sad ... What we saw last night and the night before in Los Angeles is not about civil rights.
The 1978 Federal Sterilization Regulations, created by the United States Department of Health, Education and Welfare or HEW, (now the United States Department of Health and Human Services) outline a variety of prohibited sterilization practices that were often used previously to coerce or force women into sterilization.
Economic activity in the hypothetical quaternary sector comprises information- and knowledge-based services, while quinary services include industries related to human services and hospitality.
She cannot get Atrix herself because neither he nor she can pass through the barrier between the human world and the world of the wood.
Malcolm Templeton, Human Rights and Sporting Contacts: New Zealand Attitudes To Race Relations In South Africa, 1921-94, Auckland University Press, 1998, 
In this usage, pioneers are usually among the first to an area, whereas settlers can arrive after first settlement and join others in the process of human settlement.
"The Meaning of Human Existence" (1949)
 Lyle F. Schoenfeldt – business management professor, known for a standard textbook on human resources
In particular he praised Corden and Haggard for avoiding the usual "cliches of romcom", and Smith's portrayal of The Doctor as almost-but-not-quite human.
Each monomer is composed of 347 amino acids in human DAO, though among other eukaryotes the protein can range from 345 to 368 amino acids long.
Human remains are located on two shelves in the shaft and the floor of the shaft.
The post-1492 era is known as the period of the Columbian Exchange, a widespread exchange of animals, plants, culture, human populations (including slaves), communicable disease, and ideas between the Pan-American and Afro-Eurasian hemispheres following Columbus's voyages to the Americas.
The network, with 1,300 members in 135 countries, advocates for the protection of human rights, access to education, sustainability and conflict resolution.
Morhan's vision is to continue to be an informational resource about leprosy, to support those afflicted with leprosy in Brazil, and to be a reference on treatment and human rights.
Roberts studied a BA Hons in Human Geography at the University of Sheffield (1996).
GamePro praised the game's dialogues with historical figures, commenting that "the scenarios make flesh-and-blood human beings out of people who are usually just static pictures in textbooks."
Tanner created a sensitive moment of human interaction.
The player assumes the role of Commander Shepard, an elite human soldier who commands the SSV Normandy SR-2 starship.
As a normal human digestive tract does not contain any anti-oligosaccharide enzymes, consumed oligosaccharides are typically digested by bacteria in the large intestine.
Clutch Cargo employed the Syncro-Vox technique by superimposing live-action human lips over limited-motion animation or even motionless animation cels.
Research has been performed on the dose-rate effects of protons, as typically found in space travel, on human health.
The Petra Kelly Prize is awarded since 1998 to people and civil society organisations for their exceptional commitment to human rights, non-violent conflict resolution, and the environment.
There was one video to accompany the release for the song "The Masks They Wear Resemble Human Faces".
The FDA did not act on his petition for four years, and in 2013 Kummerow filed a lawsuit against the FDA and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, seeking to compel the FDA to respond to his petition and, "to ban partially hydrogenated oils unless a complete administrative review finds new evidence for their safety."
IIT Hyderabad is one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India under the Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Act, 2011.
Human rights organizations have argued that it means there are only a few government picked lawyers who are allowed to represent political prisoners at court.
Originally established as the Galton Chair in National Eugenics, the post was renamed under Penrose to be the Galton Professor of Human Genetics.
Guy said that they gave him the degree out of embarrassment, although the university stated that "his extensive research efforts and prolific writings in the field of number theory and combinatorics have added much to the underpinnings of game theory and its extensive application to many forms of human activity."
Five human cremations were found in a group of scattered disposal pits.
She is the Senate Majority Whip, a member of the Senate Judicial Proceedings Committee, Safe Harbor Youth Victims of Human Trafficking Workgroup, Governor's Family Violence Council, and the Joint Committee on Cybersecurity, Information Technology and Biotechnology, co-chair of the Maryland Cybersecurity Council Law, Policy & Legislation Subcommittee and chair of the Maryland Legislative Asian American & Pacific Islander Caucus.
Events should also be held to recognize the importance and seriousness of the human rights violation that occurred.
Social concerns in Venezuela also contribute to the rate of human trafficking in the country.
These organizations include the Bureau of Legal Dentistry (BOLD), the American Board of Forensic Odontology (ABFO), American Society of Forensic Odontology (ASFO), the International Organization for Forensic Odonto-Stomatology (IOFOS) and the Association Forensic Odontology For Human Rights (AFOHR).
Excess of human resources, poorly qualified, and high staff turnover.
“Protecting Human Rights in Counter-Terrorism”, a conference held under the joint auspices of GNRD and MEP Mr Afzal Khan, Vice Chair for the Security and Defence Committee, on 9 December 2014.
As the name suggests, the album is about a human being's loneliness of the soul.
He was Executive Director of Legal Aid Manitoba 1999–2008, Chair of the Board of Inquiry for the Ontario Human Rights Tribunal 1995–1999, Justice of the Peace (Ontario), and Deputy Provincial Judge (Ontario).
It is a dark blue mech with various silver, black and red highlights and has a somewhat jagged appearance, unique to this mech is that it has a mostly human shaped face.
The forest department stated that this was T-24's fourth human kill and they moved him out of the wild to a zoo in Udaipur in the larger interest of tiger conservation in Ranthambhore.
 promoting human values and skills
In a 1997 article British lesbian feminist Sheila Jeffreys wrote that  should be seen as a violation of human rights."
A slow, brooding Siouxsie-like buzzing guitar melody and dirge-like bass and drums counterpoint the elliptical and impassioned vocals of Dolores O’Riordan as she works her way through the internal psychic and external human tragedies of the Troubles [...] "Zombie" signals a growth in confidence".
In 2008, the ESA called a sample return "essential" and said it could bridge the gap between robotic and human missions to Mars.
Researchers are investigating the possibility of growing new intervertebral structures through the use of injected human growth factors, implanted substances, cell therapy, and tissue engineering.
But starting from about the 1930s, paleoanthropologists turned to the view that human beings first evolved in the next era, the Pleistocene (2.6 million to 11,700 years ago).
They offered Dual specialization in Marketing, Finance, Business Analytics, and IT Consulting, Human Resources, and Operations.
In November 2000, Fujimori resigned from office and went into a self-imposed exile, initially avoiding prosecution for human rights violations and corruption charges by the new Peruvian authorities.
The Black Storks Commandos (Special Service Group) and Ranger's Ninth Wing Company, killed a large number of Taliban and foreign fighters and Taliban leadership had repeatedly suffered heavy human casualties as well as losing a large number of their fighters.
Pichardo explained that she only knew his relatives, whom she has accompanied as part of her duty as a Mercosur parliamentarian to record all human rights violations in Venezuela.
The original model for passive dynamics is based on human and animal leg motions.
Incubated by the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the company initially developed child welfare solutions and has since expanded to provide a SaaS platform servicing the whole of Human Services.
Established in 2009, it consists of the Government, four human rights and peace coalitions and
As a result, Tecmo removed the human beheadings in Sigma to obtain a D rating for the East Asian market.
In traditional hydrology, human activities are typically described as boundary conditions, or external forcings, to the water systems (scenario-based approach).
Almost a year after a deadly virus sweeps the world, Phil Miller (Will Forte) is seemingly the only human survivor in late 2020.
Out of the 60 human fossils from Mladeč stored at Mikulov Castle, only 5 could be recovered following the fire.
 The Glory () of the Human Voice (Sony Classical/RCA Victor Gold Seal, , 1992),  a reissue of the 1962 Victor recording with the song "Serenata Mexicana" by McMoon added.
Various human bone fragments, representing pieces of three individuals, were excavated together with domestic ceramics.
Saved from death, Cripure is more disturbed by the new evidence of human solidarity than he was by the consolation of despair.
She also served as Minister of Mining; Minister in the President's Office for Public Service Management and Good Governance; Deputy Minister of Land, Housing and Human Settlement Development; and Deputy Minister in the Ministry of Justice and Constitution Affairs.
Women who hold power at home have differing goals from those who are still struggling for basic human rights.
Antoniello, P., Kothari, P., Thakkar, P., & Kaysin, A. Sustainability and human rights: Village health workers training and practice.
These include his anti-drug campaign, foreign policies, human rights record, and extrajudicial killings.
One of Abraham Maslow's earliest discussions of self-actualization was in his 1943 article "A Theory of Human Motivation" in Psychological Review 50, pp.
The human genome encodes both H1 and H2.
The article, titled "The Problem of Increasing Human Energy", appeared in the June 1900 edition of the magazine.
The central difference between the two views is that Calvinists see election as unconditional and Arminians see election as conditional on divine foreknowledge of human faith.
After completing degrees in English literature and human biology, Kalanithi feels there is still much to learn.
The party supports a strong democratic Armenia and advocates for respecting the rule of law, free speech, equality, fighting against discrimination, respecting human rights, and ensuring the environmental protection of the country.
 Human rights in Cape Verde
There are records of Celtic and Germanic human sacrifice to river gods, and of the Rhine specifically 
What this means is that there has been no "material translation" of any kind: no working with traditional sculptural or "art" materials as a means to represent some other more complex matter, such as a human body represented in marble, or an equestrian statue cast in bronze.
Galileo, Descartes, later Hobbes and Newton advocated scientific materialism, viewing the universe—the entire world and even human mind—as a machine.
Intention is focused on the common stories, values, fears and aspirations that make one human, encouraging taking the perspective of the other and finding common ground.
This futuristic message of a human to machine relationship caused discussion due to the difficult moral decisions being made while playing.
His writing is characterised by a poetic style, romanticism and powerful depiction of human emotions.
To deny valid property rights according to Locke is to deny human rights.
The Bangladesh Federal Union of Journalists, Dhaka Union of Journalists, National Press Club, Dhaka Reporters Unity, and Crime Association Bangladesh united for a human chain and nationwide rally 22 February.
Freshmen were automatically placed in the 9th Grade Academy, and the following year, select to be in the Academy of Fine Arts, the Medical and Environmental Sciences Academy (MESA), the Human Services Academy, or the Science, Engineering, & Information Technology Academy (SEIT).
2007 Time-Line, Human Speed And Technology Speed, Korean Cultural Center, Beijing, China
The rapid growth of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) research has led to new insights on neuroanatomical structure and function, which has led to a greater understanding of human behavior and cognition.
The quilts have been displayed at dozens of exhibitions and events in Europe and North America with the help of Bosfam’s Washington-based partner The Advocacy Project to raise awareness of the tragedy in Srebrenica and to act as a tool for human rights advocacy.
Archaeologists have found human remains from the Japanese Paleolithic period, which have been carbon dated to more than 10,000 BC along with the bones of Naumann elephants.
Also under the current administration, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) has decreased funding for pregnancy prevention programs for adolescent girls.
CNN also noted that the town had more feline inhabitants than its 12 human residents.
 Indian Health Service, an operating division of the US Department of Health and Human Services
In November 2018, He Jiankui announced that he had edited the genomes of two human embryos, in an attempt to disable the CCR5 gene, which codes for a receptor that HIV uses to enter cells.
His drawings are delicate and they create a poetic story where human relationships and house objects take an important role.
It is one of the oldest activities and professions in human history.
Most recently David is featured in Detroit: Become Human as an android.
Guare practices a humor that is synonymous with lucidity, exploding genre and clichés, taking us to the core of human suffering: the awareness of corruption in our own bodies, death circling in.
Through his tales, Vassalli explores different aspects of the human soul in the modern age, analyzing how this historical period is affecting the life and the behaviour of people nowadays.
Natividad Llanquileo Pilquimán (born July 14, 1984) is a Mapuche lawyer and human rights activist.
In this way, the philosophy of permaculture had begun to move beyond its original context in "land management" to cover most, if not all, aspects of human life.
Incredible has super-strength and invulnerability, Elastigirl can shape her body in many ways, Violet can turn invisible and create force fields, Dash can run at incredible speeds, and Jack-Jack has a large variety of powers, just like in the films, such as turning into a human torch, telekinesis and teleportation, to name a few.
Human autophagy database is limited in the array of options available for data collection and analysis, as there are fewer options available than those offered by Autophagy database.
Best Human Interest Strip - On Stage (also known as Mary Perkins, On Stage), by Leonard Starr
the location of human fleets
The National Finance Center (NFC) is a federal government agency division under the United States Department of Agriculture that provides human resources, financial and administrative services for agencies of the United States federal government.
Praxis and Action: Contemporary Philosophies of Human Activity (Univ.
The MIFC initiative is supported by global legal, regulatory and Shariah best practices that enable industry practitioners to conduct international business in Islamic finance in Malaysia in the areas of Sukuk Origination, Islamic Fund and Wealth Management, International Islamic Banking, International Takaful and Human Capital Development, while enjoying attractive incentives.
However, she secretly summons her human husband to concoct a plan to be enacted the following year, during the month of Pausha: the husband disguises himself with a crude and grotesque design and take part in the celebrations.
In addition, open sights tend to block out the lower portion of the shooter's field of view by nature, and because of the depth of field limitations of the human eye, do not work as well for shooters with less than perfect vision.
The original mind is shared by all human beings, both sages and common people, and its truth is ageless and eternal.
Fuchs' concern is not to ask for the meaning of the text, but to learn how to listen to unobtrusive language about human beings' existence according to the hermeneutical help given with the text itself.
The gardens were ornamented with follies representing a Gothic tower, an obelisk, the Temple of Philosophy (left unfinished to represent the incompleteness of human knowledge), and a hermit's hut.
Other immigrants from Gumaca came pouring in upon hearing the suitability of this place from human habitation.
CBM varies across spatial and temporal scales to reflect the ever-changing distinctive physical and/or human environment it is acting within.
The Digital Anatomist/Visible Human
In his last speech he focused on human rights and the current Supreme Court position regarding cases.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that an additional 19 ISIL fighters were killed in the US airstrikes that accompanied the raid.
Human CCDC42B gene contains 9 introns and 8 different mRNA transcripts are produced: 4 alternatively spliced variants and 4 un-spliced variants.
The human subject, on the other hand, became empowered, liberated, and autonomous.
Their plea was initially granted by a judge then overturned but was then heard by the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR), and the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
A fictionalized account of Cross's death appears in a 2004 novella by Steven Wedel, "Murdered by Human Wolves".
Gender studies, and more particularly queer studies within gender studies, have been criticized by the Catholic Church as an attack on human biology.
On 22 February 2012, al-Johani appeared before the Specialized Criminal Court in Riyadh, a court used to try suspected terrorists (such as members of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula), but also used to try peaceful dissidents and human rights activists.
In the organization of the human relations Simmel says that the unison of nearness and remoteness is an important factor.
The human genome project spurred the development of cheaper, high throughput and more accurate platforms known as Next Generation Sequencers (NGS).
 Adam Kirsch:Opening Up the Great Human Emotions:A New Collection of Poetry from an Israeli Master of Metaphor:Forwards,5 May 2000
It is anathema to the most basic human instinct: the will to live.
On the frontier "Wilderzone" of human space, hardy neo-barbarian tribes compete for possession of new worlds.
They followed that up with "Biting My Tongue" in 2020 and then they announced their forthcoming album would be called Human, also announced that year.
In 1978 he was promoted to section supervising attorney for the human services section which provided legal services to the departments of health and social services, labor and education.
If there is nothing special about our observation of species now, in the 21st century, then longevity estimation (with T = 200,000 and a confidence interval of 95%) yields a projected timespan of between 5,100 and 7.8 million years during which the human species will be extant.
Some people believe that making the identities of a child's parents quite literally a state secret is a gross violation of human rights.
The first true case of human infection was identified by Simpson in 1964, who was himself infected while isolating the virus from mosquitoes.
When interpreted as magic instead of as the literal actions of white people, the fuku and zafa transcend human beings and remind us that even when colonialism is not particularly obvious, it is a force that looms over all, and its effects must first be confronted before anyone can take action accordingly, as Yunior's dream suggests.
Prussia now represents all that is most antagonistic to the liberal and democratic ideas of the age; military despotism, the rule of the sword, contempt for sentimental talk, indifference to human suffering, imprisonment of independent opinion, transfer by force of unwilling populations to a hateful yoke, disregard of European opinion, total want of greatness and generosity, etc., etc."
The Foundation sponsors research into human nutrition and conferences on obesity, prostate cancer, creatine, and on macular carotenoids.
From further expansion of the human population, Trifolium amoenum had become a rare species by the mid 1900s.
A changeling was a child left by fairies after they had stolen a healthy human child.
No human remains have been recovered but the find is assumed to be a burial due to the associated artifacts.
These human rights abuses have caused tensions between Qatar and liberal western democracies.
He created an artificial language called Epsilon-Omega, based on Esperanto and featuring its own script, for mutants to use in the Savage Land, as a rejection of human languages.
In addition, recent studies suggest that this virus may latently infect the human semen as well as the chorionic villi tissues.
Biosynthetic human insulin has increased purity when compared with extractive animal insulin, enhanced purity reducing antibody formation.
All avians are capable of assuming a Demi form where they retain human shape while sprouting their avian wings.
On 12 May, it was reported that security forces arrested a veteran human rights campaigner, Naji Tayara.
She joined the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition in 2014.
In 2013, Adnan was awarded the Human Defenders Award, in 2014 she was a nominee for the N-Peace Empowerment Award, and in 2015, she won a U.S. State Department International Women of Courage Award.
Skepticism about technological determinism emerged alongside increased pessimism about techno-science in the mid-20th century, in particular around the use of nuclear energy in the production of nuclear weapons, Nazi human experimentation during World War II, and the problems of economic development in the Third World.
His work on Aesop's Fables, including an illustration of the human and animal protagonists of each fable plus an elaborate cover for the whole, is considered among the best of his works.
Its anatomical variances are related to the size and location of two areas of the human brain that are important for language processing, Broca's area and Wernicke's area, both in the left hemisphere.
Muhammad Raza Khan (Urdu:محمد رضا خان) is a former Federal Secretary, Ministry of Law, Justice and Human Rights and a retired Chief Justice of Peshawar High Court.
McWilliams returned to her university post from 2003 until she was appointed by the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland as full-time Chief Commissioner of the Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission in June 2005, for a three-year term.
Dominant themes include representations of duels and human figures, even large ones, flaunting their weapons, their muscles and their genitals.
Such laws have been criticized by Human Rights Watch and Equality Now as being discriminatory towards women.
For example Mailer also used Bantu philosophy describing Drew Bundini Brown, an assistant trainer and cornerman for Ali: “Bundini was the walking definition of the idea that each human is born with two souls… If Africans did not have this concept, one would have to invent it.
As a concept, seated between the properly divine and the human, it can be traced to Ancient Greece, though Earth (or "Eorthe" in the Old English period) may have been personified as a goddess.
Before the election, Human Rights Watch and other rights organisations had accused the Government of creating an intimidating environment for the Opposition.
It would appear that this Resolution was overruled by Paul Bremer after domestic and international human rights groups protested the resolution on the grounds that the imposition of Islamic law would erode Iraqi women's rights.
His work is frequently cited in the fields of ecology, environmental management, ecological economics and the human dimensions of global change.
The international community considers the use of indiscriminate attacks on civilian populations and the use of human shields as illegal under international law.
He added, "Considering how techno purists tend to celebrate its conventional instrumental form, Green Velvet's bizarre narratives reclaim the human voice as an organic, yet estranged force in music."
The Human Body EP (2005)
In the Senate, he was the Vice-Chair of the Finance Committee, and a member of the Appropriations, Business and Commerce, and Health and Human Services Committees, as well as the Sub-Committee on Education.
He draws attention to human rights violations and campaigns to improve the rights of Kurds, prisoners and people who have been purged after July 15, 2016 coup attempt.
The process of message exchanges, or semiosis, is a key characteristic of human life depending on rule-governed and learned codes that, for the most part, unconsciously guide the communication of meaning between individuals.
The tree of the poem also has human physical attributes—it has a "hungry mouth", arms, hair (in which robins nest), and a bosom.Boyle, Frederick H. "Eighth Graders Discover Poetry" in The English Journal, Vol.
It was tabled in the Lok Sabha in December 2010 and referred to the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Human Resources Development.
53-	Head of the Yemeni delegation at the "International Conference on Human Rights - Immigration between North and South", 2009, Cairo.
Human T-lymphotropic virus 1 and HIV.
Valkyrie stabs Dusk in the leg with the syringe he uses to curb his vampiric side whilst he is transforming and as a result he is caught between vampire and human and put in intense pain.
are marked not suitable for human occupancy, not safe or dangerous.
When human testimony fails, people appeal to God as witness, as the only one able to bring hidden things to light and know what is in the heart.
A Barcode Identifier is assigned by the United States Postal Service to encode the presort identification that is currently printed in human readable form on the optional endorsement line (OEL).
In human trials, the results of which were published in 2012, this method appeared to improve the life of the patient without long-term adverse effects during a 5-year follow-up.
They established that his capabilities extended far beyond burlesque and won him artistic credentials as a writer of wide range, who was as comfortable with human drama as with farcical humour.
The human virtual models were created by the company My Virtual Mode Inc. and enabled users to create a model of themselves and try on 3D clothing.
As for the repetition in  (, tikareit), Rabbi Ishmael attributed that to the Torah's use of human phraseology.
"The Last Human Gateway" - 22:08
Human activity continued until relatively recently and is evident with 8 ha of the island surrounded by hedges and once cultivated.
Amyloid-related imaging abnormalities (ARIA) are abnormal differences seen in magnetic resonance imaging of the brain of Alzheimer's disease patients, associated with amyloid-modifying therapies, particularly human monoclonal antibodies such as aducanumab.
He used the human figure to give expression to emotions, values and ideals.
Their meaning is quite clear: at the divine level Vulcan impregnates a virgin goddess and generates Jupiter, the king of the gods; at the human level he impregnates a local virgin (perhaps of royal descent) and generates a king.
Perchlorate contamination in food, water, and other parts of the environment has been studied in the U.S. because of harmful effects on human health.
Objectively speaking, the move may be okay, although the resulting position is very tough for a human player to defend as black.
As a member of the Redemptorist Ky Dong church in Ho Chi Minh City, Nhat was known for contributing political writings in support of democracy and human rights to the church's website.
When the local police take control of the scene and investigate, they find that instead of the dismembered body being that of a mermaid, it was that of a human woman instead.
When he started writing what was initially to be a novella, he planned for Severian to be banished and return in position of high authority and also to face the problem with Thecla and role of suffering in human life.
Fish is one of the most popular foods in the world and consumption has continued to rise with the growing human population and will continue to do so.
Australia was reluctant to recognise a general "right of asylum" for refugees when the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was being drafted.
In response, Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales replied via a post on Twitter stating, "Access to information is a fundamental human right.
Not of Willie Mays or Ted Williams greatness, but of a uniquely excellent human being who, were class and decency the most valued standards of a career, would be the easiest Hall of Fame inductee of all time."
Full committee chairman David Camp renamed the subcommittee in 2011, returning it to the Subcommittee on Human Resources, the name it held prior to the 110th Congress.
Strike (attack), attack with an inanimate object or a part of the human body intended to cause harm
 their concern with active, radical equality (equality as an axiomatic given, in contrast to formal equality) and with human emancipation
Human activity around Anglezarke can be traced to pre-historic times.
She also became chairwoman of the Seminar on Human Rights, a joint Russian-American nongovernmental organization.
After he is scapegoated for the death of a guard team and his senior, Cimu, he escapes and starts a new life, traveling between the human and demon worlds.
Mr. Crepsley tells Darren that if a vampire drains a human of blood, the vampire would keep a part of the person's spirit with them.
Given the recent increase in evidence and support of trait leadership theory (Ng et al., 2008), scholars have suggested a variety of strategies for human resource departments within organizations.
When asked by John Gizzi of Human Events, "Do you personally support revival of the 'Fairness Doctrine?, the Speaker replied "Yes".
In the 2017 Australia Day Honours list Walters was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) "for significant service to conservation through environmental protection law, and to human rights advocacy in Victoria."
recurrentis, a common species underlying relapsing fever, is transmitted by the human body louse; no other animal reservoir of B. recurrentis is known.
In 2020, Meijer's score improved to a 100% with the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index, which joined 680 major U.S. businesses that also scored a 100% that year.
Each of the panels was handcrafted from over 43,000 pieces of glass depicting part of the progress of human knowledge during recorded history.
The ship quickly resurfaces with the resurrected Captain Will Turner at the helm and the crew restored to human form.
Later, a fully human R and Julie watch the wall surrounding the city being demolished, signifying the end of the apocalypse.
His creations include an gynoid (Stella) with human feelings who loved him (an antagonist of Bolt in various episodes, trying to transform all living things into machines) and a weird robot capable of assimilating any mechanical part (it has a parasitic relationship with Bolt and keeps annoying him in various episodes from inside his body).
The original flora of ecoregion has been much altered by human use; extensive areas have been cleared for agriculture, grazing, and rice cultivation, and some exotic species such as Acacia and Eucalyptus have been introduced.
1996: the Children's Hospice International's (CHI) Founding Director, Ann Armstrong-Dailey began collaboration with the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to produce a better solution for families and the Medicaid program at large.
Meanwhile, Daniel Abadi, CS Professor at Yale, proposes a narrower definition, "Machine-generated data is data that is generated as a result of a decision of an independent computational agent or a measurement of an event that is not caused by a human action."
Hosted by founding member, INSEC, the Kathmandu office provides a permanent presence to strengthen and consolidate the human rights movement through effective collaboration with member and partner organisations in South Asia.
Now that Kelso was no longer a hospital bureaucrat, he reveals himself actually to be a decent human being; he becomes Dr. Cox's confidant, as Cox cannot talk to anyone else about how much he hates his new job.
However, during the production run a worker falls into a vat of chocolate and dies, meaning human flesh is present in the first batch released.
Passion may drive you to the streets to throw a brick, but to buy a gun, plant an alibi and travel 5000 miles and kill a human being is bloodless, worthy of the selective morality of Adolf Eichmann."
In an article for The Japan Times, titled: "AKB48 member’s ‘penance’ shows flaws in idol culture", Ian Martin noted: "What is happening here is that the protection of fans’ fragile fantasies automatically trumps the basic human right to a life outside that fantasy framework.
Elaborating an affair between two elderly men in present-day Hong Kong, Ray Yeung proves himself as an astute observer of human affection and social obligation in his third feature film."
According to Tracey Todd, vice president of the Middleton Place Foundation, the sack is a rare material artifact from a period in United States history when human slavery was legal.
Salimata Lam is a Mauritanian human rights defender.
Somatic mutations in caspase-3 were detected at fairly low frequencies in certain human cancers, like colon and stomach cancer and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL).
Joia Jefferson Nuri is a communications strategist, executive coach, and human rights activist from the United States.
Shaler published work describing the physical geography of different continents and linking these geologic settings to the intelligence and strength of human races that inhabited these spaces.
To believe in God means to accept life on the assumption that it harbors conditions in the outer world and drives in the human spirit which together impel man to transcend himself.
Not every librarian who believes in human rights is necessarily a progressive librarian or a part of the Critical Library Movement.
In 2019, he received the Glass Brain Award  from the Organization for Human Brain Mapping for lifetime achievement in neuroimaging.
Originally self-released in 2003, the album was repackaged and remastered with additional tracks and released by Morr Music in 2004 under the title The New Human Is Illegal, with Sole using "Mansbestfriend" as an alternate moniker.
Multiple countries, including several members of the EU, soon followed the US's lead and enacted similar legislations to crack down on foreign human right violations.
The Ombudsman's first National State of Human Rights Report, released in August 2015, referred to fa'afafine as "the third gender that has always existed in Samoa" and noted "their hard work and dedication to the family in carrying out both roles and responsibilities for men and women".
Staphylococcus schleiferi is less commonly associated with human infection, but can be nosocomial acquired.
Born human, but was later mutated by the Terrigen Crystal by her father.
Recent works from her group on 'pan-genomic analysis of human microbiome in health and diseases' have also been highly acknowledged in scientific literature.
In the following year, the first Women'sNet webpages went live, focusing on women and human rights issues in South Africa.
He has been called "one of the great administrators of human times."
Human Rights Watch documented more than 20 different methods of torture used against detainees, including: prolonged and severe beatings, often with objects such as batons and wires; painful stress positions; electrocution; burning with car battery acid; sexual assault; pulling out fingernails; mock execution; and sexual violence.
Maharishi Jyotish asserts that the solar system has an influence on the human brain, cells and DNA.
His action figure is tagged as a 'Cosmic Enforcer' and his action figure, despite being generally human in appearance, was given claw-like feet and hands, a standard trait of the line's evil characters.
He led military and civilian human resources management, wellbeing and business operations for army forces throughout the Pacific.
Such devices include the "i-limb", developed by prosthetic company Touch Bionics, the first fully functioning prosthetic hand with articulating joints, as well as Herr's PowerFoot BiOM, the first prosthetic leg capable of simulating muscle and tendon processes within the human body.
Sexual Transmission and the Natural History of Human Herpesvirus 8 Infection.
Their arrangement principally comprises two human pyramids–one pyramid to the left of the canvas culminating in the man with the red fez, and the other to the right culminating in the mounted soldier.
Jeannette Bougrab, a human rights attorney and former Minister for Youth and Community Life, indicated after his death that she had been Charb's life partner.
Advocacy for acute nuclear disease victims and eradication of nuclear related incidents has led to several movements across the globe promoting human welfare and environmental conservation.
The message is, 'You're not human.
Treatment of human cases also requires the identification and elimination of the infectious reservoir, which typically involves the investigation and treatment of colonized animals and the elimination of infected bedding and other environmental reservoirs.
During the time between Kana's battle and the next, Machi is revealed to be Koyemshi's younger sister, a human girl from a parallel Earth.
Peter Stack of the San Francisco Chronicle praised the film's characters who "whether freakish or treacherous, come up wonderfully human."
In 1965 Arthur Warmoth wrote about the way certain memorable human experiences may become personal myths, fulfilling on a personal level functions that cultural myths have historically performed for entire societies.
This temptation has such profound roots within human experience and culture that it constantly reasserts itself.
In 1990, a skeleton dated at about 1300 BC was dug up in the periphery of Vlaardingen; some human nuclear DNA was identified, the oldest found anywhere in the Netherlands.
Despite many human settlements and some destruction of habitat by agriculture and mining, the ecoregion is relatively intact.
In general, an infected human is quarantined.
An example of this is in diff, which shows which lines changed, and where the context format allows robustness and improves human readability.
Higgs argued that long-term trends reflected the most effective adaptation by the human groups living there, subject to the limitations of the prevailing technology, and thus the faunal remains will reflect the setting of the site.
On November 9, 2015, Orrico performed with Jon Batiste and Stay Human on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.
Along with the Carlsbad Decrees, the Offenburger Program demanded basic and human rights as well as freedom of the press and a progressive income tax structure.
Moon was commonly known as a religious figure, commentators have mentioned his belief in a literal Kingdom of God on earth to be brought about by human effort as a motivation for his establishment of multitudinous groups that are not strictly religious in their purposes.
The Namao scientists were able to test the huge algal blooms caused by eutrophication and assess how dangerous they may be to human and other organism health.
If the music scores are recognized with the goal of human readability (referred to as reprintability), the structured encoding has to be recovered, which includes precise information on the layout and engraving.
It encodes a protein showing 98% amino acid identity to mouse Wnt3 protein, and 84% to human WNT3A protein, another WNT gene product.
of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health, National Institute on Drug Abuse, 2010.
Dance Observer commented: "The capacity audience at Carnegie Hall on January 27 for the single New York performance of Tanec, the Yugoslav National Folk Ballet, enjoyed a fascinating cross-section of over 2000 years of human history and culture.
Improvements in isolation techniques and immunosuppressive regimens ushered in the first human islet transplantation clinical trials in the mid-1980s.
EPF may be detected in   sheep within 72 hours of mating, in mice within 24 hours of mating, and in samples from media surrounding human embryos fertilized in vitro within 48 hours of fertilization (although another study failed to duplicate this finding for in vitro embryos).
Waley has published many articles in academic journals and one book on the historical and human geography of Tokyo.
This secretion process occurs in all types of mammalian milk, including human and bovine.
German philosopher Max Weber (1864–1920) saw theodicy as a social problem, based on the human need to explain puzzling aspects of the world.
The US Code of Federal Regulations Title 21--FOOD AND DRUGS, CHAPTER I--FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, SUBCHAPTER B--FOOD FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION establishes the production process of “muenster” cheese.
Chahal v. United Kingdom, European Court of Human Rights, 1996.
The degree of displacement in this example remains limited when compared to human language.
In the gnostic belief system, hylics, also called somatics (from Greek  (sōma) "body"), were the lowest order of the three types of human.
Davidson's research is broadly focused on the neural bases of emotion and emotional style as well as methods to promote human flourishing, including meditation and related contemplative practices.
The series is set over 1000 years in a future in which the human race has polluted the world and now, in part, living in sealed environments and part in an exposed but walled wasteland known as the Darklands.
Human Immunology was established in 1980, and has published 12 issues per year since 1983.
By his investigations in psychologism, he converted the paradox of Eubulides into a positive theorem (formally proved): an ideal human tackling a linguistically properly stated problem is able to think on this consistently, sincerely and fully consciously.
PARRT is a unique cohort of democracy champions to respond nimbly, intervening when parliamentarians and human rights defenders are at risk.
The only time Dream is allowed to take a human life is to kill a vortex.
These interplanetary plasma vibrations can be transformed into sound waves or air vibrations audible to a human ear.
In 1972, Wilchek showed that the method can be used to remove toxic compounds from blood, as exemplified by the removal of heme peptides from blood using immobilized human serum albumin, thus laying the grounds for modern hemoperfusion
The December murders led to international protest by numerous Western countries and human rights organizations.
Lynda T. Johnston FNZGS (born 1964) is a New Zealand human geography academic.
Cruel Giant Crum is a human who kills any animal that enters his wood.
The final set of images for consideration were required to satisfy several conditions: preference for rural scenes, no well-known scenes, no large buildings, and little indication of human or economic activity.
Édouard Lock, Canadian dance choreographer and the founder of the Canadian dance group, La La La Human Steps
This response went against Money's hypothesis that biology had nothing to do with gender identity or human sexual orientation.
Having a human touch, personal.
November 1996 – National Center for Human Genome Research and other researchers identify the location of the first major gene that predisposes men to prostate cancer.
The oldest signs of human settlement at Ife's current site date back to the 9th century, and its material culture includes terracotta and bronze figures.
Apparel & Textiles, Art & Design, Family & Human Development, Nutrition & Dietetics, Residential Management & Entrepreneurship; – including internships and research projects in the senior-most year of studies that are a compulsory requirement for every student graduating from the college.
Finally in 1961 the boys’ and girls’ operations were combined to form the Hawaii Youth Correctional Facility (Hawaii Department of Human Services) now based in Kailua.
  Animals Or Human 5:22
In ancient times, people thought it a benevolent deed to bury discarded human bones.
Sinem Saban,  film writer, producer, director, and human rights activist (Turkish Cypriot origin)
 o: for date of first human visual observation, either through telescope or on photographic plate;
Unlike previous theories that posit a single source and essence of religion such as fear of death, mysticism, sacredness, communal bonding, magic, or peak experiences, Reiss presented detailed support for his theory that religion is about the values motivated by the sixteen basic desires of human nature.
A guide to sorting out the myths and the facts about sporting events and trafficking (2011) - which challenged the wide-spread false belief that large sporting events lead to an increase in human trafficking.
Additionally, the Abbot mentions a "village where the dog and pigs reside", perhaps implying human habitation.
 Almost Human (1974) as Commissario Walter Grandi
Titan: the largest moon of Saturn is the farthest human settlement.
 Flavonoid glucuronides are substrates for human liver β-glucuronidase.
They take human poses and illustrate the daily life of the 19th century.
After critics called a letter to the student antisemitic, Cheney-Lippold said he supported BDS for human rights reasons and rejected antisemitism.
When questioners pointed out that the Soviet Union would attack with thousands of nuclear warheads, rather than two, Rostow replied, "the human race is very resilient....
The ultimate goal for each human being was to willingly conform oneself to the revealed character of God in every respect, preferring good to evil not out of any fear of punishment or desire for reward, but rather "on account of the innate loveliness of undefiled goodness; of pure unalloyed holiness."
 2003: Harvey Prize in Science & Technology and Human Health.
This evocation, not present in the main crucified figure, was known as the Christus triumphans ("Triumphant Christ"), and for contemporary – especially Franciscan – taste lacked verisimilitude, as it bore little relation to the actual suffering likely endured during a crucifixion, and overly distanced the divine from the human aspect of Christ.
Members of the IgSF family include the human killer cell immunoglobulin-like receptor (KIR) and the Immunoglobulin-like transcripts (ILT).
Additionally, he said there were three different types of tests done during each of the random tests: urine, blood testing for human growth hormone and a blood passport test.
Bass' further realized that additional research was needed into the field of human decomposition when he was summoned in December of 1977 to examine what was first assumed to be a murder victim buried on top of the grave of a Confederate soldier in Franklin, Tennessee who had been killed at the Battle of Nashville in 1864.
A human structure model has also been proposed.
This in turn indicates the route by which human dispersal took place.
He also oversaw the introduction of pay equity in the public sector, and introduced an amendment to the Ontario Human Rights Code to extend protection against discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
From Dr Cribb's works and his writings, it can be seen 'terra nullius' myths offended his belief in pre-existing, largely unrevealed human heritage deeply imprinted into otherwise apparently 'empty' landscapes
As a political animal, man has come to see himself as possessed of rights, whether these are the Rights of Englishmen of old, or the universal human rights advocated vigorously toward establishment today through the matrix of commercialism.
Its meat is utilized dried and salted for human consumption and as fishmeal.
Cross cutting issues related to human rights protection, stigma and discrimination, gender inequality, poverty and involvement of people living with HIV also feature in the National Strategic Plan.
He continues to focus on environmental issues and how they interlink with the human condition.
VS Hum: A quick 1-on-1 match with a human player.
Her book Redefining Our Relationships: Guidelines for Responsible Open Relationships was published in 2002: it has been reprinted several times, and is now required reading in the human sexuality class at San Francisco State University.
 Universal Parameters of The Law and Human Rights Conference
The stumps of wood which form the images of the brothers have human arms, while that of Subhadra does not have any arms.
Silberling, while acknowledging Wenders' film was meant as a tribute to West Berlin, remarked that it became "a larger human discussion".
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Public Health Service, Health Resources and Services Administration.
While some portions of the Reserve have been influenced and altered by human activities, the many designations and recognitions of valuable habitats within the St. Louis River freshwater estuary complex clearly indicate that there are portions that remain relatively pristine.
 Prince Adam (Beauty and the Beast), the Beast's true human form in Disney's 1991 animated and 2017 live-action films
Genghis Khan and two of his Mongolians all fire arrows at the Hannibal's men; if the arrow that killed a Carthaginian soldier was Genghis' arrow, he would be tied with Crazy Horse, Hernan Cortes, the Spetsnaz leader, and arguably Saddam Hussein for 4 human kills in the simulation.
Her calculus was probably that an association with UNIP would help spread her message about safe guarding human rights and holding politicians accountable.
In response to the disqualification, Dennis Kwok said that "if observing due process and protecting systems...and fighting for democracy and human rights would lead to the consequences of being disqualified, it would be my honour.
Kendriya Vidyalaya, Puranattukara is a Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan school in Thrissur City under the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India.
Following his appointment, Kirby stated: "If you deny sexual expression to human beings, cut them off from that aspect of their personalities and of their happiness, then you end up with a lot of very frustrated and very unhappy people", and he praised Touching Base for recognising that people with disabilities need "to have opportunities for sexual expression".
Along with captain Travaglini, step hold Office of Submarine Secret Weapons, where, after several losses and failed attacks on the British base in Malta, he made improvements to the first human torpedoes, originally designed by Teseo Tesei and known as Siluro a lenta Corsa (SLC) and nicknamed "Maiale" (Pig, in English), eliminating the cause of many problems.
Andrew O'Connor played the human form of Kappatoo's computer (and also wrote some of the episodes), while Rula Lenska played a time-travelling villain, and Denise Van Outen and Sarah Alexander appeared in juvenile roles as schoolgirls.
Socrates rejects the idea that human virtue depends on a person's sex or age.
She received the Human Rights Tulip award from the Netherlands government on 10 December 2008.
That an understanding of human perception, cognition, and behavior is critical to designing interfaces.
According to Ye.Zakharov, co-chair of Kharkiv Human Rights Group, “Showing a video of a person in jail is violating his/her privacy.
The desire to form and maintain social bonds is among the most powerful human motives.
As the biomass in the mesopelagic is so abundant, there has been an increased interest to determine whether these populations could be of economic use in sectors other than direct human consumption.
He used the chronophotographic gun for studying animal and human locomotion, usually from still images.
Examples of this are the Data Protection (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law and the Human Rights (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law.
Foundational to Montanus' teachings was the concept that a human being could be no more than a lyre which the Divine strummed.
Immediately after the Commission was created, the North Korean Ambassador to the UN, So Se Pyong, denounced the Commission as “an instrument that serves the political purposes of the hostile forces in their attempt to discredit the image” of North Korea, while denying that any human rights abuses existed in his country.
World Vision Canada began lobbying for a national human trafficking action plan in 2009.
He also held the position of first chief of the CSIRO Division of Human Nutrition.
Taking its title from a play by John Webster, the book told of an experiment undertaken by an English spinster, Virginia Hutton, to raise an orangutan she names Appius as a human.
"Nightmare" appeared in the soundtrack of several films, such as Human Traffic, Playing by Heart and A Night at the Roxbury.
Over the next few days, Kau restores Choi's health and turns him back to human.
His poems are marked by a unique force which stems from the use of condensed language aimed at expressing the subtle human experiences of the modern man viewed through  the Marxist angle tinged with piercing social satire.
Radio Deutschland and the Human Rights Organization of Iran also responded to this arrest.
Evidence of human presence in past millennia can be seen in the famous paintings in Migdia cave.
"It is worth a whole phalanx in the cause of human freedom," wrote Senator Sumner.
 Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters
Human rights organizations documented the arrest of at least 30 persons for alleged ties to Islamist groups.
Hundreds of years before the main story, he comes across a dark ritual being performed by the sorcerer Jelerak who is sacrificing a human girl.
Expression of the human protein has been detected in uterus, basophils, and mast cells.
In December 2021, Tang vanished before arriving in Beijing for a human rights event hosted by the European Union and remained missing at the start of the 2022 Winter Olympics; his relatives believed him to be held in a form of secret detention commonly applied to dissidents in China.
He also didn't agree with a human like Ethan having a high position among the Mogs.
Kegasus was the mascot for the infield party for the 2011 Preakness Stakes, portrayed by a human in a centaur costume.
Reduction of canine sizes are seen as an authentication mark of human ancestor evolution.
Its twofold objective is to sponsor research and foster support groups in human body weight control.
He was also active in international human rights education and advocacy through the United Nations and TransAfrica organizations.
However, he distinguished history from natural sciences because the concerns of these two branches are different: natural sciences are concerned with the physical world while history, in its most common usage, is concerned with social sciences and human affairs.
While textbooks include explanations of the rituals and practices of certain religious groups, textbooks rarely discuss religion's role in shaping human thought and action.
The approach by Harry Kim at one point, to which she suggested that he should disrobe in order to "copulate", was suggested to be because of her curiosity about human mating practices rather than any traditional sense of attraction.
Following the re-deployment of the anti-riot policemen out of Otuocha, members of Aguleri community attacked Umueri on 30 September – 3 October 1995, unleashing massive destruction of human lives and property.
These jars frequently depict a human or animal face on one side.
The inverted pendulum theory of gait is a neuromechanical approach to understanding human movement.
Setting herself apart from other researchers also led her to develop a close bond with the chimpanzees and to become, to this day, the only human ever accepted into chimpanzee society.
Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception & Performance, 3(1), 1–17.
Baskin Engineering is home to several research centers, including the Center for Biomolecular Science and Engineering and Cyberphysical Systems Research Center, which are gaining recognition, as has the work that UCSC researchers David Haussler and Jim Kent have done on the Human Genome Project, including the widely used UCSC Genome Browser.
 PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human Actin-histidine N-methyltransferase (SETD3)
She was responsible for leading human capital planning and alignment; management of the world's largest single-employer sponsored health insurance program; policy guidance and compliance oversight to Federal agencies for recruiting, training, compensation and personnel management; administration of retirement plans for employees in all branches of the Federal government; and background investigative services for the civilian workforce.
In 2005 she was appointed Director of Communications for the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, and later, Vice-President of Content for the Leadership Conference on Human and Civil Rights after the organization changed its name in 2010.
In addition, geomedical engineering would provide supportive techniques to deal with the geological threats to prevent or minimize their impacts on human and animal health.
In 2018 her show Banal Baroque was presented at Daniel Faria Gallery, which explored themes of "bodily and sexual excess" by "recontextualizing mass-produced objects, mass media objects, magazines, and mannequin parts to animate the uncanny treatment of the human figure that lies dormant in this source material."
The doctor cannot explain her new powers, but confirms she is still human.
Such as shooting fire, project needles of artificial cellulose (against Alan Scott; an approximation of his weakness to wood), dispense flame-retarding foam, even once simulating Shazam's lightning power forcing Mary Marvel to revert to her human form.
Frank Stanley Cotton (30 April 1890 – 23 August 1955) was an Australian lecturer in physiology, specialising in the study of the effects of physical strain on the human body.
VWD has an estimated prevalence in some human populations of up to 1%, and is most often characterized by prolonged and variable mucocutaneous bleeding.
Exploring Space is a historical gallery, filled with rockets and exhibits that tell the story of human space exploration and the benefits that space exploration has brought us (particularly in the world of telecommunications).
He likely became either pet food or steaks for human consumption.
In his book Transcendental History (2013) Olesen addresses the two-fold question of what makes history possible and how history conditions human existence and knowledge.
Additionally, P. knowlesi and P. falciparum are the only Plasmodium species that can be maintained continuously in cultured red blood cells, both rhesus and human.
His reflexes and agility were heightened beyond normal human levels.
National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act: Vaccine Injury Table, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
While biocides can have severe effects on human health and/or the environment, their benefits should not be overlooked.
The Chinese Human Rights Web
In 1984, scientists identified the virus that causes AIDS, which was first named after the T-cells affected by the strain and is now called HIV or human immunodeficiency virus.
In tracking deaths, Ghany has said he used similar tactics to those of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, but the SNHR only count civilians.
After the adoption of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in 1992, which established the objective of avoiding dangerous human interference with the global climate system, governments' negotiation efforts have focused on operationalizing this goal.
Martine Robbeets and Remco Bouckaert from the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History used in 2018 for the first time a Bayesian phylogenetic inference analysis about "Transeurasian".
<noinclude>Even before the first cases on the continent were reported, human activity in Antarctica was indirectly impacted.
This resolution was the result of a UN fact finding mission that discovered numerous human rights abuses under the military junta, and currently ongoing against the Rohingya.
Bontecou gave legal advice to the Southern Conference for Human Welfare to assist its campaign to end poll taxes for black American voters.
Besides functioning as an antioxidant and anthelmintic, many isoflavones have been shown to interact with animal and human estrogen receptors, causing effects in the body similar to those caused by the hormone estrogen.
Judy Wajcman sees the human relations movement of the 1930s as a precursor of the later fashion of  "transformational management".
But most of all Dr Galbally brings decades listening to and working shoulder-to-shoulder with people with disabilities and families in fighting for the human right to be able to live lives fully in the community, without fear of violence, abuse, neglect and exploitation.
The human tongue is divided into anterior and posterior parts by the terminal sulcus which is a V-shaped groove.
According to Swedish Security Service, this is particularly the case for origin countries that do not respect human rights.
This is in response to a complaint lodged at the Manitoba Human Rights Commission by non-binary individuals.
These harm ecosystems and human infrastructure, cause health problems, and send up spirals of carbon and soot that may encourage even more warming of the atmosphere – and thus feed back into more fires.
Medical Mycology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Society for Human and Animal Mycology.
A battle droid is a class of military robot used as an easily controlled alternative to human soldiers, most notably seen in the Star Wars prequel trilogy of films and the Star Wars: The Clone Wars TV series, in which 'B1' and 'B2' models are frequent antagonists.
Seven's Cêpan however is killed along with Hector, a human Seven befriended who attempted to help her escape.
As an activist of human rights, mainly in the field of gender equality and acting as the Chair of the Socialist Woman's Forum, Ms. Xhaçka, since 2014, has chaired the Minors Issues, Gender Equality and Domestic Violence Sub-committee.
In 2001, Holmes was made a Member of the Order of Australia at the Queen's Birthday Honours, "for service to the community through organisations promoting peace, human rights and conflict resolution, particularly as a member of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom".
Mahbub ul Haq, economist and inventor of the Human Development Index (HDI)
In the human genome snoRNA U22 is encoded along with seven other snoRNAs within the introns of the same gene (called UHG for U22 host gene) in mammals.
The interference of such forces may have an ethical character, which judges human deeds, restores the moral order, encourages responsibility for one's actions and punishes for wrongdoings as exemplified in Lilije, Rybka, and Świtezianka ballads.
Richter's Voices is inspired by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and features an  'upside down' orchestra, a concept he developed to reflect his dismay of post-truth politics in the 21st century.
During the early 1960s, the Chinese mainland society experienced the worst famine in human history.
Sweden has received strong international criticism, including by the UN Racial Discrimination Committee and the Human Rights Committee, that Sweden violates Sámi landrättigheter (land rights), including by not regulating industry.
For his role as Drake, he has twice been nominated at the Spike Video Game Awards in the "Best Performance by a Human Male" category.
By contrast, DIT models human culture at the individual level and views culture as the result of a dynamic evolutionary process at the population level.
He felt we all know what the human body is like because animals have similar bodies and we have all seen them opened up.
In addition, an average human spy needs over 30 seconds to write a 12-character random string into short-term memory, which provides a good protection against brief looks that an attacker might have on a password list.
Five of them are established, funded and managed by the Ministry of Human Resource Development.
"High school human capital portfolio and college outcomes."
In Singapore, the sale of raw milk for human consumption is prohibited due to safety concerns outlined by the Singapore Food Agency.
PHDF is a unique Public Private Partnership initiative to mobilize resources for improving human development indicators in Pakistan.
The successful sequencing of the human genome and the ongoing research on the function of genes and of regulatory sequences, together with the insights on the workings of the brain, have brought a new actuality and significance to this classical notion.
In 2010, the UNDP reacted to the criticism and updated the thresholds to classify nations as low, medium, and high human development countries.
Human settlement in Estonia became possible 13,000 to 11,000 years ago, when the ice from the last glacial era melted.
Then, this inequality is related to vulnerability, by directly concentrating human resources in the hands of fewer people, thereby limiting the right to use and dispose of assets under stressful strategies; and also by indirectly strengthening poverty and marginalization in local areas.
Cerro Azul is in the South Volcanic Zone, where many volcanoes pose a threat to human life.
As with other black yeasts that cause phaeohyphomycosis, melanin appears to have defensive purpose, and helps protect E. dermatitidis from death within human neutrophils.
He has served as Commissioner of the Scientology-affiliated organization Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR).
Banished from Heaven, the angels awoke on Earth as immortals, cursed to survive on human blood and to live forever through cycles of reincarnation.
Ann Makosinski from British Columbia, Canada has developed several devices using Peltier tiles to harvest heat (from a human hand, the forehead, and hot beverage) that claims to generate enough electricity to power an LED light or charge a mobile device, although the inventor admits that the brightness of the LED light is not competitive with those on the market.
Listed here are the human Y-chromosome DNA haplogroups found in various ethnic groups and populations from North Africa and Sahel (Tuaregs).
Although neither song received recognition due to its very limited release, Troutman and brothers pursued their music career throughout the 1970s, forming Roger & The Human Body in 1976, on their privately owned label Troutman Bros. Records.
Al Insaan - (lil Jins - to all human beings) - there is no exception - the entire category.
Returning to Red Dwarf, Kryten is initially ecstatic at being human, but finds he cannot conduct certain functions that he did as a mechanoid, and soon regrets the change after he insults his mechanoid spare heads, as well as revealing his sexual arousal to machines in a machine catalogue that he reads.
The main focus is based on scientific pantheism and a naturalistic approach with reverence to the physical universe, oriented towards environmentalism with respect for human and animal rights.
They also added she was more human than most video game villains.
23 July – Oksana Shachko, artist and human rights activist, co-founder of Femen (b.
FPI Secretary General Munarman criticized the president's response as justification of deadly human rights abuse.
YLAI is a four-week U.S. fellowship which aims to empower 250 Latin American and Caribbean business and social entrepreneurs to transform their societies and contribute more fully to economic development and prosperity, security, human rights and good governance in the hemisphere.
This Lime-Tree Bower continues the "Conversation poems" theme of "One Life", a unity between the human and the divine in nature.
The deterministic element that Harris sees is lack of human social engineering: "free will and moral choice have had virtually no significant effect upon the direction taken thus far by evolving systems of social life."
But, human nature is so constituted, that it holds nothing to be precious and admirable but what is uncommon and of rare occurrence.
The mountain lies within the Stephen Mather Wilderness of North Cascades National Park, in remote terrain far from human settlement and difficult to access.
Additionally, black soldier fly larvae (BSFL) are an alternative source of protein for aquaculture, animal feed, pet food and human nutrition.
In 1963, the Francis Galton Laboratory of National Eugenics became the Galton Laboratory of the Department of Human Genetics & Biometry, and in 1996 became part of the Department of Biology.
She is both a women's rights and human rights activist.
Universal Rights, Local Remedies: Legal Protection of Human Rights under the Constitutions of African Countries.
Historians began to theorize that Ancient Egyptian civilization was the culmination of events arising from the origin of the human race in Africa.
The launchpad for the world's first human spaceflight made by Yuri Gagarin on Vostok 1 in 1961, the site was referred to as Site No.1 (, Ploshchadka No.
All six endemic species of Mascarene rails are extinct, all caused by human activities.
When Harley's plans to get revenge on Freeze ends in her capture, he tries to use her as his first human subject to test for a cure.
The agency is responsible for the investigation of human trafficking.
The aim of the ICGC is to provide a comprehensive description of the somatic (non-inherited) genomic abnormalities present in the broad range of human tumors.
The terrain is much wilder than around Rožanski kukovi, and there are parts where even today no human foot has ever trod.
In September 2009, Mandela Park Backyarders protested against what they called a false promise of 23 houses from MEC for Human Settlements Bonginkosi Madikizela.
The Bhimbetka rock shelters exhibit the earliest traces of human life in India, some of which are approximately 30,000 years old.Homo neanderthalensis used Mousterian Stone tools that date back to around 300,000 years ago and include smaller, knife-like and scraper tools.
Study from the Human Body (Oil on canvas, 147.2 x 130.6 cm (57.8 x 51.4in), National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne)
This is a result of the steep topography that prevents human activity like farming which would disturb the natural processes.
According to the 2010 US Department of State's Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for Israel and the Occupied Territories, Israeli law prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, and the government effectively enforced these prohibitions.
Growth hormone deficiency may be remedied via injections of human growth hormone (HGH) during early life.
While careful to adapt the script with cultural integrity, Rotberg felt compelled to infuse the story with her own identity "as a filmmaker and as a human being."
At a time when mankind was frequently treated with contempt, Noack strove to demonstrate her faith and trust in the human community.
It is also found in human breast milk.
In particular, the potential use of Bitcoin  to evade taxes, and in transactions related to transnational gangs and human trafficking in El Salvador was noted.
 where science and engineering meet the human element of work
It is published  by Strategic Human Services, a local non-profit agency.
Although Brat has said he does not identify as a Randian, he has acknowledged having been influenced by Ayn Rand's novel Atlas Shrugged and expressed appreciation of her case for human freedom and capitalism.
Forced to flee to the graveyard after being stripped of his ability to speak, Kaga came to be known as the deranged grave keeper Hyena due to being forced to feed on remnant human souls to survive.
Human Resources department must inform Administration, Finance and Operations when an employee is taken on, transferred, resigns, is suspended or released on long-term leave, or their employment is terminated.
He went as far as to say that the Negro has "no human, barely any animal, feeling".
Human comfort can extend beyond this range depending on humidity, air circulation and other factors.
Human Rights Watch stated that the conviction "violates [Tamimi's] right to freedom of assembly, while [the court's] conviction of him on a second charge of urging children to throw stones on the basis of a child’s coercively-obtained statement raises serious concerns about the fairness of his trial."
This project combined in vitro human skin with spider silk from genetically modified organisms such as goats and silkworms to create a material that stops a slow-speed bullet, yet is pierced by one fired at normal speed.
 Introduction to The Abyss of Human Illusion, by Gilbert Sorrentino, Minneapolis: Coffee House Press, 2010
According to Lansdown (2006), "Polygenism, the concept of different human species, was heretical and 'atheistic'; it was embraced only by the most isolated and heterodox thinkers".
Inhabitants belonging to the same national or ethnic, linguistic, or religious group traditionally present on the territory of the Republic of Kosovo (Communities) shall have specific rights as set forth in this Constitution in addition to the human rights and fundamental freedoms provided in chapter II of this Constitution.
Additional contributions, as much as one-quarter of the total, come from water sources on land, such as melting snow and glaciers and extraction of groundwater for irrigation and other agricultural and human uses.
The World Health Organization has classified smokeless tobacco products as human carcinogenic compounds, in particular tobacco-specific nitrosamines, which account for 76 to 91% of the total N-nitroso compound (NOC) burden.
Hundreds of politicians, human rights defenders and activists expressed doubts about the reliability of this version.
This is the department that conducts research related to viruses associated with human cancers, including HHV8, HPV16, HPV18, Epstein Barr Virus and others.
On 4 February 2019, Pope Francis signed the Document on Human Fraternity for World Peace and Living Together while on an apostolic journey to the United Arab Emirates.
Many artefacts have been found on the mound including a copper key almost  in length (surmised to be the key for gates to the Roman compound), urns and human bones.
He also owned models of organs and human skeletons.
Task-invoked pupillary response (also known as the "Task-Evoked pupillary response") is a pupillary response caused by a cognitive load imposed on a human and as a result of the decrease in parasympathetic activity in the peripheral nervous system.
He also discussed human geography and the planetary habitability of the Earth.
In in vitro studies, the human enzyme has been found to metabolize all-trans-retinoic acid to 4-hydroxy-retinoic acid and 5, 6-epoxy-retinoic acid and therefore may play a role in processing retinoic acid in tissues where it is highly expressed such as the skin.
The system dispenses with the traditional method of preserving organs through freezing, replacing it with keeping them in an environment and temperature similar to that of the human body by perfusing the blood of the donor through the organs.
Furthermore, all parties were called upon to respect human rights and to ensure that no more child soldiers were used in the armed conflict.
Species collected for human consumption are Hoplobatrachus rugulosus, Fejervarya limnocharis, Glyphoglossus molossus, Kaloula pulchra, Duttaphrynus melanostictus, and Pelophylax lateralis (with P. lateralis found only north of the Mekong River in localities such as Snuol District, Kratie Province).
It was the first illness shown to be transmissible by filtered human serum and transmitted by mosquitoes, by American doctor Walter Reed around 1900.
FoEE has also been active in its opposition to EU trade deals, such as the CETA agreement with Canada and TTIP with the US, because of a belief that those trade deals do not support human rights and the environment.
It represents an integral membrane chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan expressed by human malignant melanoma cells.
Wang Jian, Yu Jun, Yang Huanming and Liu Siqi created BGI in September 1999, in Beijing, China as a non-governmental independent research institute in order to participate in the Human Genome Project as China's representative.
In May 2011, Surette was appointed as a member of the Board of Trustees for the Voluntary Sector Professional Capacity Trust, a trust to support developing human resource policies, business planning and assessing the needs of an organization.
Martin Stig Andersen created the soundtrack again after Limbo, creating sound via bone conduction with a human skull.
This is an ongoing debate that has truth to both sides; psychologists are able to prove each of the view points through human experimentation.
In its first human clinical trials, it caused catastrophic systemic organ failures in the subjects, despite being administered at a supposed sub-clinical dose of 0.1 mg per kg, some 500 times lower than the dose found safe in animals.
Boris Pavlovich Pustyntsev (, 2 June 1935, Vladivostok – 4 March 2014, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian human rights activist.
Marci Sabol, a normal human girl who befriended David but was killed and absorbed into him by one of his other personalities; she has significant influence within David's mindscape.
Doom manages to escape, and uses the same device he once employed to imbue Terrax with the Power Cosmic on his Doombots- unable to use it on himself as his human body would be destroyed from the strain-, and attempts to take over the world.
On the other hand, the Behaviorist theory supports the theory that the ability for a human to learn language is a result of nurture.
She is a prominent advocate for human rights.
The ultrasonic Pachymeters traditionally have been devices that provide the thickness of the human cornea in the form of a number in micrometres that is displayed to the user.
In the first and second levels of the game, the completely human Duke Oda can only utilize a single shot weapon and can only survive one hit.
This comparison can take the form of inter-coder reliability scores like those used to validate the consistency of human coders in traditional textual analysis.
Upon arrival in Pennsylvania, merchants or captains of the ships transporting the human cargo were required to register a list of passengers with the mayor's office, a magistrate or recorder.
Geostrategic concerns also influence EU action, as the EU has been "most attentive to human rights violations in non-EU European states, followed by countries in sub-Saharan Africa, while it has been least active in Asia and the Americas".
The Working Group on Arbitrary Detention (UNWGAD) criticised the Indian government for violating Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other international laws with regard to detention of Zargar.
Although he climbed a mountain to look for smoke rising from fireplaces he saw no sign of human activity.
They thought the tale of a misunderstood, neurotic Jesus ("Joshua") who was all too human, and not the man who satisfied the universal yearnings of the times for a Messiah, was too controversial.
 The Human Fly from Bendigo: Joanna Lumley
On 18 March 2011 the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI)  announced that Sinkewitz had tested positive for recombinant Human Growth Hormone in a blood sample taken during the GP di Lugano earlier in the year.
Mallock and A Human Document,"] at Humument.com.</ref>
As an Institute of National Importance it plays an important role in the Human Resource Development for the ever-growing Indian Pharmaceutical industry, which has been in the forefront of India's science based industries with wide-ranging capabilities in this important field of drug manufacture.
When the sculptor attempted to explain the feeling of a human hug, he thought of the Mediterranean Sea, which he said was the reason behind the name Akdeniz, the Turkish name of the Mediterranean.
In this Observatory I sincerely hope and expect that the boundaries of human knowledge will be advanced along astronomical lines.
Kenny Muhammad The Human Orchestra – featured artist (track 6)
The mass violations of human rights in the mainly Kurdish-populated southeast and eastern regions of Turkey in the 1990s took the form of enforced disappearances and killings by unknown perpetrators which the state authorities showed no willingness to solve.
The son of a human lighthouse keeper and Atlanna, queen of Atlantis, Curry is portrayed as a reluctant hero.
The decision to purchase an automobile or commercial transport incurs both financial investment and a deep concern for human safety.
Since the start of the Cold War, the United States has economically and/or diplomatically supported friendly foreign governments, including many that overtly violated the civil and human rights of their own citizens and residents.
A conspiracy theory accusing foreigners, including the United States government and American organisations such as Human Rights Watch and Netflix, of funding the protests has been voiced by the royalist group Thailand Vision and campaigners at pro-government rallies, leading the U.S. embassy in Bangkok to issue a formal statement of denial.
Spiritual well-being addresses this human need for transcendence and involves social as well as existential well-being.
Combe had played and recorded with The Scientists prior to joining Gallon Drunk, also making the video for Human Jukebox, from the Scientists E.P.
Likewise, the Interior Ministry produced and distributed literature that could increase law enforcement's awareness about human trafficking and improve victim identification processes.
The relationship they forge is founded partly in Maggie's heartfelt pity for broken and neglected human beings but it also serves as an outlet for her intellectual romantic desires.
The strategic objectives of this component are to advocate for the implementation of laws and programmes that protect women's human rights and reproductive health rights.
Tutu says of Ubuntu "I am human because I belong, I participate, I share."
Data collected by LRO have been described as essential for planning NASA's future human and robotic missions to the Moon.
August 2003 – A team of researchers led by the National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI) reports findings on the comparison of 13 vertebrate genomes.
Because 11% of the selected handaxes appeared to be left-handed axes, the conclusion is that modern human handedness was already appearing in the Early to Middle Stone Age, almost 1 million years ago.
Patricia Daley, Jamaican-born British human geographer and academic
The two were born of an unwilling union between a monster and a human warrior woman with magical strength.
As a young girl, Maleficent meets and falls in love with a human peasant boy named Stefan.
Heavy equipment has been used since at least the 1st century BCE when the ancient Roman engineer Vitruvius described a crane in De architectura when it was powered via human or animal labor.
He is in love with a human girl named Renko.
That night, the Briscoes challenged for the World Tag Team Championship, but were unable to defeat The Dynasty (Joey Ryan and Scott Lost), following interference from Eddie Kingston and Claudio Castagnoli, members of Human Tornado's stable.
In regards to other functions, another study shows that the CLOCK/BMAL1 complex upregulates human LDLR promoter activity, suggesting the Arntl gene also plays a role in cholesterol homeostasis.
  becomes the velar  in word-final positions (duh 'spirit') and before consonants (hrean 'horseradish'); it becomes the palatal  before , , like in the word human in English, and as a realization for an underlying  sequence in word-final positions (cehi 'Czech people' is pronounced , though usually transcribed ).
The American Journal of Human Genetics 63.3 (1998): 861-869.
On Eritrean Independence Day, 24 May 2006, Amnesty International renewed their appeal to Eritrea's president Isaias Afewerki to ensure the improvement of human rights standards in the country.
In the Age of Apocalypse, Tony Stark is an agent of the Human High Council.
She worked on translations of John Locke's An Essay Concerning Human Understanding and Teilhard de Chardin's The Phenomenon of Man in the 1960s for the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
While attending UMass Amherst, he founded and became the first director of the Arts Extension Service and then transitioned to becoming director of the Community Development and Human Service Programs in the Division of Continuing Education.
Only Human is in black and white.
Jürgen Braun, the AfD's spokesman on human rights, confessed this contradiction to Eat News, a Taiwanese media, "If you are dealing with the economy or the external economy, you want to have a good trade relationship with China, and Communist China is an important trading partner.
The protagonist Goku is raised as a human on Earth but finds out that he is actually a Saiyan from Planet Vegeta.
The core of Sukhomlynsky's system of education was his approach to moral education, which involved sensitising his students to beauty in nature, in art and in human relations, and encouraging students to take responsibility for the living environment which surrounded them.
It is set as a sequel to XCOM 2: War of the Chosen, after a tenuous peace accord between warring human and alien forces has been achieved.
Wheat is the primary source of grain in the human food supply worldwide today.
For Psychology students, there are a number of laboratories which include a Biopsychology and Psychophysiology Research Laboratory, a Human Assessment Laboratory, a Cognitive Psychology Laboratory, a Developmental / Social Psychology Laboratory and a Forensic Psychology Laboratory.
Worthwhile Wear is an international organization that provides a way out of forced prostitution or human trafficking both overseas and in the US.
The main characters are Shion Uzuki, a human scientist employed by Vector Industries, and her creation the prototype anti-Gnosis battle android KOS-MOS.
Blackthorne is set on the planet Tuul, which has existed for centuries without human knowledge.
He spent his retirement writing and painting abstract, Spanish-influenced, colorful artworks whose subject was often dancers and human movement, surrounded in retirement by his artistic young friends.
It has been described as "one of the most important human fossils ever found."
Plantation owners, realizing that emancipation would destroy their economic system, sometimes moved their human property as far as possible out of reach of the Union Army.
The district is Columbus' most densely populated area and contains more than 650 businesses, human service agencies, churches, and schools.
Hence, we get phrases like ‘leg of the chair’ or ‘neck of the bottle’ which attach human qualities to inanimate things.
Dr. Dutton v. British Columbia Human Rights Tribunal et al., 2001 BCSC 1256
Cobden Trust prize for contribution to human rights.
iHeed: Access to Family Planning is a Human Right (2013)
Physical training has been present in human societies throughout history.
The brown pavement is meant to represent human waste (urine and excrement) since there was no indoor plumbing in colonial times.
 The primary cleavage site is at His67-Lys68 in human C5a with a minor secondary cleavage site at Ala58-Ser59
When she was only 13, she joined the French Resistance and under the alias "Beatrice" worked with Le Chemin de Fer Humain (the Human Railroad), saving 80 men.
 Human rights and individual freedoms
Eleanor (Paige), the daughter of the outgoing Ho-Ho-Ho believes the job should be hers, but Santa, believing the North Pole could use a human influence, tasks Billie (AnnaLynne McCord) with reviewing Dax as a possible candidate.
On October 8, 2021, the Human Rights Council adopted resolution 48/13 by a vote of 43 in favor, none against and 4 abstentions (China, India, Japan, and Russia).
This aircraft successfully performed various maneuvers and flew routes without real-time human input.
Biological investigations into the myosin and actin molecules in this amoeboid have demonstrated striking physical and mechanistic similarities to human muscle myosin and actin molecules.
In a press release on 29 January 2007 the Office of the Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Expression of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights noted that Espinosa had been jailed and said it "reiterates its great concern over the systematic and continuous situation of utter and complete disrespect for freedom of thought and expression in Cuba."
 is an intelligent elephant Zyuman with a sharp sense of smell who comes from a wealthy family, displays a soft spot for Amu, and initially refuses to work with Yamato, believing the human stole his Champion's Proof until he learns of Yamato's past.
 General Directorate (including procurement and supplier management, human resources, and communication)
The company also agreed to a 5-year corporate integrity agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
 Quranic View of Human Freedom 
Human rights attorneys say that violates a constitutional provision that a person must be charged within three days of detention.
 Tom Price, Secretary of Health and Human Services under Donald Trump
In the pre-Hispanic period, fauna was highly varied; however, many species, such as wildcats, wolves, coyotes, anteaters and many others, are no longer found due to human settlement and habitat loss.
Proportion, poise and perfection of the human form were the artistic and aesthetic ideals.
The objective behind creation of YGLP was to come up with a path-breaking leadership model that could be used across the globe to create a new generation of leaders who can push the limit of human accomplishments to new frontier.
He authored Human Rights between the Sexes or Menschenrechte zwischen den Geschlechtern, published in English and German in 2013 by the Heinrich Böll Foundation.
Oribatid mites infected with Bertiella transfer the developmental cysticercoid stage to a human host through tissue feeding.
Iraq's Refugee and IDP Crisis: Human Toll and Implications Middle East Institute
CT scans give the human body a large dose of ionizing radiation – something the computational phantom was designed to circumvent in the first place.
Tapani Rinne has paired with the Sámi yoik singer Wimme Saari on two albums Soabbi (2013) and Human (2017) which they made and released together.
After an initial survey of cosmology and geography, Pliny starts his treatment of animals with the human race, "for whose sake great Nature appears to have created all other things".
He was the first to investigate and measure individual differences in human abilities and traits.
In large part due to the foreign support they received, the Kulobi militias were able to soundly defeat opposition forces and went on what has been described by Human Rights Watch as an ethnic cleansing campaign against Pamiris and Garmis.
These visionary works are stories that break the bonds of everyday human experience."
He taught literature courses dealing with human rights, education, and social justice.
It then started coordinating individuals and groups all over Kerala who were working for human rights.
It also has Departments of Human Resources, Logistic, Financial Management, Business, among others.
He has written over 100 articles and served on some 20 different boards, including the boards of Human Rights Watch and Legal Community Against Violence as well as the Boalt Hall Alumni Association and the Legal Aid Society of San Francisco.
(d)amend, repeal or revoke the Human Rights Act 1998 or any subordinate legislation made under it.
The pre-Columbian history of the Altiplano Cundiboyacense started around 12,500 years BP with the oldest human evidence found at El Abra, near Zipaquirá.
These are often sterile, found near human habitation, and also former monastic sites.
 Balraj Puri, journalist, writer and human rights activist
The Evolution of Human Sexuality received positive reviews from the anthropologist Sarah Blaffer Hrdy in The Quarterly Review of Biology and the psychologists Martin Daly and Margo Wilson in The Sciences, a mixed review from Elmer S. Miller in Social Science Quarterly, and a negative review from the anthropologist Judith Shapiro in Science.
Newspapers, as well as Rabbis for Human Rights, reported that the attack on the mosque was apparently part of the notorious "price tag policy" of certain factions amongst settlers.
He was appointed Queen's Counsel honoris causa in 2008, "for his work in public law fields, particularly civil liberties and human rights".
Harris chaired the Education, Housing, Health, and Human Services Committee, was a member of the Land Use and Transportation Committee, and chaired the Highways and Franchise Subcommittee.
 National park: areas where there are one or more ecosystems that are not significantly altered by human exploitation and occupation, plant and animal species; they are geomorphological sites and habitats that have special scientific, educational and recreational interest, or include natural landscapes which are considered of exceptional beauty.
The annual amount put out by human activities may be greater than the amount released by supereruptions, the most recent of which was the Toba eruption in Indonesia 74,000 years ago.
His band Your Favorite Enemies participated to Amnesty International's 30th anniversary (2007), to the 35th anniversary of Give Peace A Chance, to Imagine (2004), Marche des femmes vers l'an 2000, and performed at the concert on behalf of the 51st anniversary of the Charter of Human Rights and Freedoms.
In the human eye, retinal begins in an 11-cis-retinal configuration, which — upon capturing a photon of the correct wavelength — straightens out into an all-trans-retinal configuration.
While it was re-elected, the election of human rights-abusing nations also caused frictions.
According to a report released by Human Rights Watch (HRW) in June 2008, the Ethiopian army has committed widespread executions, torture and rape in Ogaden, as part of a counterinsurgency campaign.
Specifically, France invoked three grounds for limiting the right to wear burqa: "respect for equality between men and women", "respect for human dignity" and "respect for the minimum requirements of life in society".
This principle of human dignity is expanded to three main objectives:
He encouraged peace and democracy and promoted non-violence movement known as “seed idea” (ssi-al sasang), consistently present in his books Korean History Seen through a Will published in 1948, Human Revolution in 1961, History and People in 1964, and Queen of Suffering: a spiritual history of Korea edited in 1985.
Svanberg was first administrative officer at the Royal Swedish Air Force Materiel Administration in 1943 and human resources manager at Scandinavian Airlines from 1946 to 1951.
, a range of electric bike components were available, including electric motors by Acron, 300 watt power conversion adaptors by Panasonic Industries and with Electragil Software, bike lights by Phillips, and several designs batteries by HighTech Energy, plus human interfaces by Marquardt.
However the completion of the Human Genome Project, coupled with technological advances that allow rapid comparison of thousands of DNA samples, means that the necessary methods are now available.
The Prophet foresees that they will indeed make the human race continue its course, but also predicts that the future awaiting them is dark ("Bay of Dreams").
Kierkegaard compares the human love of fathers to God the Father's love.
The party nominated retired General Wiranto and Salahuddin Wahid, deputy chairman of the National Human Rights Commission, for its presidential ticket.
Studies using animals genetically engineered to lack FP and examining the actions of EP4 receptor agonists in animals as well as animal and human tissues indicate that this receptor serves various functions.
Vagitanus has been connected to a remark by Pliny that only a human being is thrown naked onto the naked earth on his day of birth for immediate wails (vagitus) and weeping.
George has directed or produced around 12 films, including The Human Face with John Cleese, which was nominated for two Emmy awards.
Whilst gender dysphoria may be severe enough in some cases to justify a mental health diagnosis, there is concern that this diagnosis is used as "a license for the stigmatization or for the deprivation of civil and human rights."
Currently, FAM166 is not associated within a human disease or condition.
MICAL-like 1, also known as MICALL1, is a human gene.
Georg Morgenstierne regarded him as "the founder of comparative studies in human culture".
The pollination process requires a carrier for the pollen, which can be animal, wind, or human intervention (by hand-pollination or by using a pollen sprayer).
One villager from Meja told Human Rights Watch researchers: "The five policemen were killed in one car, a brown Opel Ascona.
The early responsiveness of fluorescence to atmospheric, soil and plant water balance, as well as to atmospheric chemistry and human intervention in land usage, makes it a useful biological indicator in improving the understanding of Earth system dynamics.
All but one of these deities—Raxivort being the exception—was primarily a human deity.
International election monitors, human rights organisations and journalists generally regard these elections as lacking freedom and fairness, with interventions by the Rwandan state to ensure Kagame's victory.
Laboratory, animal, and other pre-clinical studies suggest that BLT2 receptors may be involved not only in inflammation and allergy but also in human cancer.
Dalrymple writes that "Plath felt it right to allude to one of the worst and most deliberate inflictions of mass-suffering in the whole of human history, merely on the basis that her father, who died when she was young, was German…the metaphorical use of the holocaust measures not the scale of her suffering, but of her self-pity".
The force has announced that it plans to deploy its first robot police officer by May 2017, and that their ambition is to have 25 percent of the force consist of robotic officers by 2030, as well as to operate a "smart" police station that "won't require human employees".
“It is their basic human right, so I will be working on that and I will never stop until I see the last child going to school.”
According to the Human Development Index, Afghanistan is the 15th least developed country in the world.
Atkinson and Piggott's excavations revealed the four side chambers and the various human remains that those contained.
Numerous reports from human rights groups during the war indicated that WP shells were being used by Israeli forces in populated areas.
"Queen of the Troubled Teens" is the debut single by Idlewild, released on Human Condition in March 1997.
Many EA frameworks combine data and application domains into a single layer, sitting below the business (usually a human activity system) and above the technology (the platform IT infrastructure).
However, the effects of such negotiations - thousands of saved human lives - made some feel that it was worthy to pay the price.
(for example, they refer to their myspace as their "micespace") In time, developing their own unique slang language, boobonics, as they re-imagine post apocalyptic soundscapes  where a primal rats eye view of some kind of twisted alternate mutant human history, and reality, prevails.
Its primary goal is to provide scientific information about the process of human development as it applies to individuals, families, organizations, and societies.
Police officers dressed in civilian clothing arrested six women and detained some 20 others, according to Human Rights Watch.
On 11 February 2013 the dam was captured by the Syrian opposition in their fight against the government, according to The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
"Romance is a natural human emotion.
In Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, 10 years after the ALZ-113 virus decimated most of the human population, Caesar is now middle-aged, married to Cornelia and has two sons; Blue Eyes and the newborn Cornelius.
Best Adventure or Human Interest Strip - Prince Valiant, by Hal Foster
While recognising Kraftwerk's influence on groups such as Depeche Mode and The Human League, journalist Ian Cranna writing in Smash Hits described the album as "frankly rather dull" adding "one can only assume it's an exercise for their own amusement".
On 5 June 2015, Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) orders banned all nine approved variants of Maggi instant noodles from India, deeming them "unsafe and hazardous" for human consumption, and Nepal indefinitely banned Maggi over concerns about lead levels in the product.
Feng Zikai believed that the failures of the various political systems were symptoms of a greater issue: a lack of common compassion for your fellow human and a sense of morality outside political agendas.
But he's a human being, and a terrible thing is happening to him.
In the conclusion of the letter, Emerson questions the morality of a government that could put "so vast an outrage upon the Cherokee nation, and upon human nature (Emerson, 1271)."
Examples of country-led assessments include the Indonesian Democracy Index, monitoring of the Millennium Development Goal 9 on Human Rights and Democratic Governance in Mongolia and the Gross National Happiness Index in Bhutan.
Serious flaws during the demobilization phase, such as the Colombian government's failure to interrogate and verify the identities of those involved in the process, allowed many paramilitaries to remain active, form new successor groups, and continue to engage in human rights violations.
Hence the court concluded, Article 10 did not protect the advocacy of human rights violations such as racially based forced sterilization programs.
He was "the first to propose that tissue is a central element in human anatomy, and he considered organs as collections of often disparate tissues, rather than as entities in themselves".
The 1998 Israeli Sexual Harassment Law interprets sexual harassment broadly, and prohibits the behavior as a discriminatory practice, a restriction of liberty, an offence to human dignity, a violation of every person's right to elementary respect, and an infringement of the right to privacy.
David Denby of The New Yorker said that this was Scott's suggestion that the CIA has the technology but not the human intelligence to properly fight terrorism in the Middle East.
The Talosians were able to save her, but as they had no understanding of human physiology or aesthetics at the time, she was left horribly disfigured.
These offices are responsible for providing victim assistance, in addition to preventing and combating human trafficking, although NGOs report that quality of service varies and that some centers focus on public awareness as opposed to victim care.
A decree by the President in 2006 makes prosecution impossible for human rights abuses, and even muzzle open debate by criminalizing public discussion about the nation's decade-long conflict.
Croatia is a signatory of Protocol 13 of the European Convention on Human Rights that abolishes the death penalty in all circumstances.
Richard J. Herrick (June 15, 1931 – March 14, 1963) was the world's first recipient of a successful human organ transplant, receiving a kidney from his identical twin brother Ronald, in an operation performed by Joseph Murray, Hartwell Harrison, and Joseph Merrill in 1954.
Environmental groups, he holds, willingly accept claims that manmade compounds cause cancer but gloss over the fact that the toxicity tests often involve quantities that are millions of times larger than what a human would ever ingest.
Stephen Hunter of The Baltimore Sun thought Yoshi had "more personality than all the human actors put together".
 Tae Hang-ho as Geun-sab, human excavator
The Human Rights (Sexual Conduct) Act 1994 provided that sexual conduct involving only consenting adults (18 years or over) acting in private would not be subject to arbitrary interference by law enforcement.
Human being have always analyzed their world, thus engaging in a scientific act, but the author contends that for a realistic understanding of the world, also an exploration out of intuition, empathy and commitment is necessary.
Gábor Szetey (born January 6, 1968) is a Hungarian former politician and former Secretary of State for Human Resources in the Gyurcsány government, a role he held from July 2006 to April 2009.
Much of Al-Mustakillah's programming deals with human rights, democracy and freedom of expression.
Most captive-born birds do not possess the necessary survival skills to find food or avoid predators and often do not survive long without human caretakers.
Hammerstein was promoted to sergeant and began to lead the new war robots; as a result he was one of the few whose movements weren't remotely controlled by human generals.
It is present in its richest form in the human species, which is unique in possessing complex language made up of syntax and semantics.
Human capitalists argue that measurement and data problems contribute to this unexplained gap.
The novel opens with an introduction describing the human race as a primitive and deeply unhappy species as well as the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy which provides information on every planet in the galaxy.
In the late 1980s, Jack retired from official positions and moved to Swarthmore, Pennsylvania, where he authored two books and continued to be active in various peace and human rights organizations.
Researchers are interested in clastogens for researching cancer, as well as for other human health concerns such as the inheritability of clastogen effected paternal germ cells that lead to fetus developmental defects.
The 2009 Human Rights Report by the United States Department of State noted that in general the government of Botswana has respected the rights of its citizens.
Tajikistan has the fastest-growing population in Central Asia (2.42% in 2014) and ranks lowest among the Central Asian republics on the Human Development Index (133rd in 2013).
Out yonder there was this huge world, which exists independently of us human beings and which stands before us like a great, eternal riddle, at least partially accessible to our inspection and thinking.
Most instances of human toxicity due to methyl salicylate are a result of over-application of topical analgesics, especially involving children.
2008 – Film made at De Hoop Nature Reserve with Henshilwood directed by Alan Wilcox on Human Evolution in Africa.
This fungus is generally regarded as inedible, mainly because of its peppery or acrid taste, and has little human impact.
After the 1932 eruption, the local vegetation was devastated, and the area remained barren until the 1990s, though human life was not impacted.
He was an editor of Reader's Digest from 1967 to 2003, and he wrote many articles for Human Events.
A Human female who enjoys farming and making jokes.
In expressing God's will for this world they reveal social and spiritual principles and laws which educate human beings according to their capacities and the specific needs of the time and place in which each manifestation appears.
1, 2, 3 in The Unconditional in Human Knowledge: Four Early Essays 1794–6, translation and commentary by F. Marti, Lewisburg: Bucknell University Press (1980).
She started a documentary effort, especially as a photographer of the scenery and human life.
Israel's State Prosecutor's Office dissociated itself from the state attorney's comments, and said they "reflect neither the prosecution's position nor the position of the state, and were not authorized" and that the "state's position has been and continues to be that HaMoked: Center for the Defense of the Individual and the B'Tselem organization are human rights organizations".
The gene is expressed at low levels in almost all human tissues, but higher levels have been seen in certain cancer tissues.
For tasks lasting a few minutes, a fit human can generate perhaps 1,000 watts.
The room shows a large collection of fish skins ('the protected body'), human skulls (some affected by accident or disease), animal skulls (mainly birds) and a variety of other anatomic samples, including some foetuses in a jar.
The puppet's head uses wood carved into the shape of a hollow human head, but aside from the head, palms, and feet, which are made of wood, the puppet's torso and limbs consist entirely of cloth costumes.
The SNR has been accused of numerous human rights abuses in connection to the political unrest in Burundi after 2015.
Finally, in 1999, David Burney proposed that the complete set of human impacts worked together, in some cases along with natural climate change, and very slowly (i.e., on a time scale of centuries to millennia) brought about the demise of the giant subfossil lemurs and other recently extinct endemic wildlife.
Human Rights Watch visited Abu Salim prison and asked if VanDyke was being held there.
The paper reignited debate between prominent epidemiologists over how to interpret cancer trends: Bruce Ames, Richard Doll, and Richard Peto, among others argued the trends were unimportant: more attributed to better diagnoses and increasing human longevity, while Davis' views gained support from Philip J. Landrigan and biostatisticians such as John C. Bailar and Thomas C. Chalmers.
A reviewer from About.com said that it is "contemporary retelling of...(an) engaging and timeless tale rich with human emotion and universal drama".
One of the early examples of  biomimicry was the study of birds to enable human flight.
Along with that, USK opened the Faculty of Teacher Training and Pedagogy, and the Law Faculty and Human Knowledge.
The primary purpose of the building is for privacy and human comfort, and the walls and roof provide a visual screen and some protection from the elements.
Its amino acid sequence shows an overall similarity of 39.5% with human GGT.
These systems can be employed to control complex, nonlinear dynamic plants, for example, human body.
While at NICHD, Cabrera received the On-the-Spot Award, Individual Merit Award and Staff Recognition Award in 1997, 1999, and 2000, and the Administration for Children and Families, United States Department of Health and Human Service Secretary’s Distinguished Service Award and Fatherhood Leadership Award in 2000 and 2003.
In his book Human Compatible, AI researcher Stuart J. Russell states that an oracle would be his response to a scenario in which superintelligence is known to be only a decade away.
During the game, Stirk is revealed to be an excellent pitcher, because the ball feels "just like a human heart".
The courses are taught under 11 diverse disciplines of Business Environment, Communication, Decision Sciences, Finance and Accounting, Marketing, Human Resource Management, Operations Management, Information Technology and Systems, Strategic Management, Agribusiness Management and Legal Management.
Prior to the local and the presidential elections in 1997, GONG was created at the initiative of the Coordination of organizations for the protection and promotion of human rights from across Croatia.
Lachnoanaerobaculum is a bacterial genus from the family of Lachnospiraceae which typically occurs in the human mouth and intestine.
With the help of his friends, magical and human, Griff realises that the Whisperer, whoever he is, is in great peril, and that it is up to him to save the mysterious voice.
A phonautogram of this play's opening lines is the oldest known audible record of human speech as of May 2009.
Human serve as natural hosts.
Second, at the end of the Doppelganger Gambit arc, Garrity draws, in the background of a bar scene, the cast of the webcomic 1/0 in the human forms they received at that strip's end.
He is a professor of medicine at the University of Maryland School of Medicine, where he co-founded the Institute of Human Virology (IHV) with Robert Gallo and Robert R. Redfield in 1996.
Today, however, its adaptability to human presence and the use of urban environments as artificial nesting sites has resulted in the great black-backed gull rapidly increasing in number and range.
Those that have been initiated are put into varying human incarnations, depending on how much they have seen; those made into philosophers have seen the most, while kings, statesmen, doctors, prophets, poets, manual laborers, sophists, and tyrants follow respectively.
At the end of the story, they follow the beam and find an enormous fleet of human ships, powered by rockets.
I must remain human at all costs," he wrote to his friend Baron Robert d'Huart in 1961.
1923: Franz Weidenreich reports the remains consist of a modern human cranium and orangutan jaw with filed-down teeth.
Human activities such as modern farming altered their main habitat – England's damp meadows – and have changed the climate as well.
Entrepreneurial Human Capital and the Persistence of Underperforming Firms.
A fleeing caravan led by a human journalist, Neige, is attacked by Dr. Weil's army.
In 2004, the document "Communion and Stewardship: Human Persons Created in the Image of God" considered the relationship between creation, evolution, and Christian faith.
Around 105 there appears to have been a serious setback at the hands of the tribes of the Picts of Alba: several Roman forts were destroyed by fire, with human remains and damaged armour at Trimontium (at modern Newstead, in SE Scotland) indicating hostilities at least at that site.
His books include Inequality in America: What Role for Human Capital Policy?
Human clinical trials have shown it to offer similar analgesic benefits to drugs such as oxycodone and fentanyl but with reduced respiratory depression and a comparatively favorable safety profile.
In 1972, electron microscopy on stored human stool samples identified a virus, which was given the name "Norwalk virus".
In a report released by an investigatory body of the Council of Europe focusing of corruption, Laakso was proven to have worked as a lobbyist for the Azerbaijani government mitigating human rights violations in the country.
William R. Catton Jr. (1926–2015), American environmental sociologist and human ecologist
Applications include automatic surveillance, human robot interaction (video), SLAM, route planning, etc.
Shepherd has also held several positions within the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, serving as a member of the Working Group of Experts on People of African Descent (WGEPAD) and the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination.
Unstable repeats as mutations in human genetic disease 
According to Dr. de Waal, human morality has two extra levels of sophistication that are not found in primate societies.
Sarasvati,  for short, is a vampire ninja and Sera's superior who lives in the human world as Kirara Hoshikawa.
As a result, there is no such thing as an unchanging human nature, but only historically variable social relationships.
As well as physical laws, this included ideas on the laws governing human affairs and the divine right of kings, leading to the idea that the monarch acts with the consent of the people, and not the other way around.
Tucović devoted his entire life to fighting for workers' and human rights, gender equality, universal suffrage, social justice and civil liberties in the Kingdom of Serbia.
This led to the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act 2008, HFE, being passed.
He reduces Volthoom's emotional powers to a normal human state.
Shamanism is a common feature of human societies, with certain individuals deemed to have a particular connection to the supernatural world which gives them the ability to perform magic, especially healing.
It is an independent non-profit and non-partisan organisation established to develop human capacity, economic empowerment, protection and welfare of its members.
Nonetheless, Australia is also one of the most critical of the violation of human rights in Vietnam done by the communist Government in the country.
Some of the other women also spoke or asked questions of the lawmakers, or representatives of advocacy groups such as the Rhode Island Coalition Against Human Trafficking, who attended Sunday's 8:30 a.m. meeting.
The earliest evidence of human population on the Altiplano Cundiboyacense has been dated to approximately 12.000 years ago.
She also feels that Bella is making a mistake for choosing to live the life of a vampire before she could live a full human life.
Among other honors, he received the Medal of Liberty from the French Minister of Justice in 1983 and the Eleanor Roosevelt Medal for contributions to human rights from Bill Clinton in 2000.
Because of the dragon's blood, he no longer needs the blood of human men.
Within Shinto it is believed that the nature of life is sacred because the kami began human life.
The term is also associated with psychedelic work, and psychotechnologies, that includes research with psychedelic plants and chemicals such as LSD, ibogaine, ketamine, peyote, ayahuasca and the vast variety of substances available to all human cultures throughout history.
The symptoms of poisoning by C. bulbifera in human beings include pain in the stomach, nausea, violent vomiting, diarrhea, dilated pupils, labored breathing, foaming at the mouth and rapid convulsions.
Ramachandran was one of the first researchers to recognize the potential of neuroimaging technology to demonstrate the plastic changes that take place in the human cortex after amputation.
These insects, known to feed on human household objects, are up to  in length.
This home would provide a source of food, clothing and shelter for the poor, where a personal, human, familial atmosphere existed rather than a clinical approach.
In the Ministerial reshuffle of 2 March 2012, Carr was appointed as Minister for Human Services.
Pilots, cabin crew staff, ticketing officers, human resource officers, IT personnel, station managers and accountants are among the many available positions.
What is Human Performance technology?
Adrian "Addie" Joss (April 12, 1880 – April 14, 1911), nicknamed "the Human Hairpin", was an American professional baseball pitcher.
Some authors have suggested that the Basajaun myth is a folk memory of early human contact with Neanderthal populations in the Iberian peninsula.
 Yt antigen system, a human blood group system
The Internet and Human Rights by Amnesty International
He was also active in ATTAC and chaired the Norwegian branch of the European Movement (1999–2001), Norsk Folkehjelp (1999–2003) and the Norwegian branch of the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights (1986–1992).
All human beings learn certain feeling rules, but these feeling rules may differ widely depending on the society in which one grows up and one's social position and social identity, including gender and ethnic identity and socio-economic status.
The Congolese Human Rights Observatory (OCDH), a Congolese NGO, also denounces this hardening, affecting not only Jean-Marie Mokoko, but also other imprisoned opponents, who no longer have the right to any visits.
In 2013, a Lithuanian woman who was a victim of DV won her case against the State of Lithuania at the European Court of Human Rights, which ruled that Lithuania had failed to provide her with adequate protection.
As with any RGB color space, for non-negative values of R, G, and B it is not possible to represent colors outside this triangle, which is well inside the range of colors visible to a human with normal trichromatic vision.
The picture influenced Goethe, Wagner and Nietzsche According to Dostoyevsky, the painting was "the greatest revelation of the human spirit".
Bookchin also points to an accumulation of hierarchical systems throughout history that has occurred up to contemporary societies which tends to determine the human collective and individual psyche:
Indian Institute of Personnel Management, an institute focused on human resources management
Another program was its Medical Sciences Division, which funded women's contraception and the human reproductive system in general.
However, most of these compounds lack human exposure data.
Around this time the Great Indian Sage, Swami Vivekananda, took upon himself the task of spreading the message of his teacher, Sri Ramakrishna: That God lives in each human being, so service to man is service to God.
During her tenure in the state Senate she served as the Chairwoman of the Senate Health and Human Services Committee.
How Human Communication Fails (Tampere University of Technology)
In its place, is something a little more human, and grounded in reality.
In 2009, the European Court of Human Rights rendered a decision in favor of the plaintiffs in Women on Waves and Others v. Portugal.
PSEB facilitates the IT industry through a series of projects and programs in infrastructure development, human capital development, company capability development, international marketing, strategy and research and the promotion of innovation and technologies.
Initially, the researchers termed the disease Gay-Related Immune Deficiency (GRID); in 1982 this syndrome became known as AIDS, a consequence of infection by Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Human cerebellar cortex is finely convoluted, much more so than cerebral cortex.
It's a way to approximate the insanity of the human condition."
She is also currently a part of the ASEAN SOGIE Caucus, a regional network of South East Asia LGBTIQ groups lobbying for the inclusion of LGBTIQ rights in the ASEAN Human Rights Mechanism.
The synanthropic aspect appears to be more pronounced in northernmost parts of the range where they are dependent on human structures for food, warmth and hatching grounds.
In 2007, the richest 1% of the American population owned 34.6% of the country's total wealth (excluding human capital), and the next 19% owned 50.5%.
He also had his acting debut as a main lead in Human Theater 2010.
Following the Weber–Fechner law, at the start of the 20th century human lightness perception was assumed to be logarithmic.
Generally referred to as the spatial art of environmental design, form and practice, interior architecture is the process through which the interiors of buildings are designed, concerned with all aspects of the human uses of structural spaces.
Raju kills Mahadrashta, refusing to use the ring, as he believes human power is enough to defeat evil.
Beneath him are the Furies, symbolising that human actions and passions are subject to power, and at the bottom is a figure representing night, fleeing.
According to Porter, "a nation does not inherit but instead creates the most important factors of production—such as skilled human resources or a scientific base".
The BBC documentary The Human Body: Secrets of Your Life Revealed showcased Vukoti's talent in the episode "Learn" and aired on October 9, 2017 on BBC Two.
His psychological interpretation went to great lengths to describe the factors that influence and construct human behavior.
Currently he is serving as chairman Board Human Resource & Remuneration Committee &  Board of Director (Askari Bank), Managing Director of Fauji Foundation, CE & MD  of Fauji Fertilizer Bin Qasim Limited Fauji Foods Ltd (formerly Noon Pakistan Ltd), Fauji Meat Ltd, FFBL Coal Power Company Ltd.
Drawing on evidence from societies containing 85% of the world's population, the authors argue that modernization is a process of human development, in which economic development triggers cultural changes that make individual autonomy, gender equality, and democracy increasingly likely.
Zolgear has players taking on the monster of the same name, which awakens after a 1,000-year sleep to destroy a nearby space colony and soon the entire human race.
It may take the form of irregularities in gravity, ripples in space that can damage equipment and personnel, alterations in the laws of physics, and areas of disruption inimical to the human brain.
Later he defined three principles for the study of human geography:
In 2014 Boushnak became a TED Global Fellow and gave a TED talk about her education project, which went online on TED main website Recently, Boushnak gave another TED talk about the human impact of cluster submunition.
A further 1995 excavation by University of La Plata archaeologist Dr. Laura Miotti made a carbon dating analysis possible, and led to the discovery that its human fossil remains date from approximately 11,000 years ago.
The correlation between climate and energy rests on known causal relationships between human population growth, rising energy consumption and land use and the resulting greenhouse gas emissions and climate change.
Gina detonates the warhead in the second-season finale, "Lay Down Your Burdens, Part 2", destroying Cloud Nine and inadvertently signaling the human fleet's position to the other Cylons.
Before dying, he left his life and magical power which would be used to make the Syaoran clone be reborn as a normal human.
Tom tells Miranda that she is the result of an experiment that combined human and alien DNA, an experiment conducted with his friend Forbes McGuire while they were both still in college.
In 1945, the United Nations Charter included the obligation "to promote... universal respect for, and observance of, human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without discrimination as to race, sex, language, or religion".
Between 1997 and 2006, he served as Vice-Minister of Human Resources and Social Security.
Whether the label is a medical error or human error, one definition used in medicine says that it occurs when a healthcare provider chooses an inappropriate method of care, improperly executes an appropriate method of care, or reads the wrong CT scan.
In 2016, she served on the advisory board of the Arab Human Development Reports.
They would burn parts of the animal in fire that were seen as the instruments of thought and desire in human beings.
Such separation from one's dæmon – sometimes called "pulling" – causes extreme pain and distress for both human and dæmon, and, given enough distance, results in death.
Benjamin Genocchio from the New York Times, describes Kucka's work as resembling microscopic images of human tissue, "a welcome inclusion in a show that is long on ideas and rather short on artistic flair.
South Park and Philosophy: Bigger, Longer, and More Penetrating also addresses issues of applied ethics, such as stem-cell research, euthanasia, drugs in sports, religion, blasphemy, human evolution, environment, and gay marriage.
The Constitution of the Kingdom of Libya included a Preamble and twelve Chapters outlining the protection of human rights in Libya and regulating the nature and functions of the institutional apparatus of the Libyan State.
In both cases, Hodgson depicts religious cults that make use of human sacrifice.
Wars - A frenzied multiplayer mode, supporting up to four simultaneous computer opponents, or five human players when using a multitap.
The court reasoned that a tort of discrimination was unnecessary since Bhadauria already had access to the human rights regime.
Defamation incurred over "mass media or Internet" is prosecuted according to local laws when it contains "intentional distribution via the Internet of knowingly false, libelous and insulting information, as well as expletive words and phrases which denigrate the dignity of human personality."
This is seen due to companies tricking their consumers into "placing a greater importance on extrinsic values is associated with higher levels of prejudice, ... and weak (or absent) concern about human rights."
The Human Touch: The Story of the National Easter Seal (1990)        Certification Review, 
The Writing Camp wrote Brandy's debut single "Right Here (Departed)" off her 2008 album Human.
Shahshahani has worked for a number of years in the U.S. South to protect the human rights of immigrants and Muslim, Middle Eastern, and South Asian communities.
She held the position of Minister of Human Rights in post-revolution Yemen, starting in 2012.
The Enlightenment thinkers argued that human beings are rational and can shape their destiny.
The expanded skull allows the brain to grow to an enormous size; the resulting mind, even starting from something as "unintelligent" as a chimpanzee, becomes far more intelligent than a typical human.
 Human Tissue Donation – NPR News Investigation
Evidence of continuous human settlement since the Japanese Paleolithic period has been found.
After consulting with the executive group of the Commission, chaired by Eleanor Roosevelt, Professor Humphrey prepared the first preliminary draft of what was to become the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
God moves, plans, acts, and expresses emotions such as love and regret in order to guide human beings toward greater spiritual maturity and joy.
For this method, models for the Human Visual System (HVS) and the display are first generated, along with a simple tone mapping operator.
He spoke with Steve Findlay, an athletes' representative at the CTFA in Ottawa; "I threatened to turn in the world's fastest human being," Dajia said.
Cryopreservation of human ovarian tissue has been successfully carried out around the world to preserve fertility in female cancer patients and in other pathologies where the patient is at increased risk of primary ovarian insufficiency.
Due to his sketchy understanding of human customs, and intrigues surrounding the project that created him, he unwittingly becomes the center of various criminal schemes and other unfortunate events.
A documented case of cis-NATs being involved in human disease comes from an inherited form of α-thalassemia where there is silencing of the hemoglobin α-2 gene through the action of a cis-NAT.
2018 sees the start of a year-long campaign to commemorate the creation of the pivotal Declaration of Human Rights that is one of the three pillars of the United Nations.
The court stated that with regard to human dignity and freedom from self-incriminations the use of emetics did not meet any fundamental constitutional concerns.
The code addressed issues such as financial crime, competition, confidentiality, as well as human rights and environmental issues.
We're hopeful there may be information there that could help in the continuing trials against human rights offenders from the period".
By the mid-1980s, Bandura's research had taken a more holistic bent, and his analysis tended towards giving a more comprehensive overview of human cognition in the context of social learning.
Others are "The Movie Ending Phone", "1-800-me4-sale", "Cancer Stick tobacco lip balm", "Momma's Pride Human Breast Milk", "Buster's Bait Shop" and parodies of public service announcements from the fictional "United States Department of Condescending Paternalism".
Bowling has been a member of various editorial boards, including the International Journal of Aging and Human Development.
After killing a fugitive Guyborg after he was infused with Fallah, Antares was sent by Shion to eliminate Guyferd with Guyborg 801 to immobilize him while in human form.
He further stated that Jews always represent the human lowness, as expressed in Quran.
From there, Nue planned to have the two kill each other so the survivor can become human again.
The fleet is destroyed and the TARDIS crashes to the planet below, where the Doctor meets human resistance fighter Cinder, a young woman whose family were killed by the Daleks when she was a child.
Of the 24 amino acids in the rest of the rat sequence, 20 are identical to the amino acids in the human sequence.
Zeke and Casey hide in the locker room, where Marybeth reverts to her human disguise.
In the upper right hand he holds his trident (trishula); he carries a bowl of human skull in his upper left hand; the lower right hand is shown in chinmudra; and the lower left hand is raised to his chest.
The 3D movie Lightyear, upcoming in June 2022, is a spin-off of Toy Story franchise depicting the in-universe origin story of the fictional human character Buzz Lightyear .
The heuristic approach to problem solving consists of applying human intelligence, experience, common sense and certain rules of thumb (or heuristics) to develop an acceptable, but not necessarily an optimum, solution to a problem.
Birds are uniquely vulnerable to human interference in the form of aircraft, drones, cars, and other technology.
It is native to Central Asia and northeastern Iran and has long been a common seasoning worldwide, with a history of several thousand years of human consumption and use.
The Polaris project provides a National Human Trafficking hotline that allows victims and survivors to reach out when in need of help.
In April 2011, Block volunteered his company's services free of charge to help the state identify waste and fraud in Health and Human Services spending.
Extracts of Epilobium have been shown to inhibit proliferation of human prostate cells in-vitro by affecting progression of the cell cycle.
Human Services, Mental Health and Recovery
Section 6 would create a fund to be used by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to pay for physicians’ services under Part B of Medicare.
At the time of the first human settlement by shipwrecked English sailors in 1593, Bermuda was dominated by forests of Bermuda cedar (Juniperus bermudiana) with mangrove swamps on the coast.
Kankiten (歓喜天) – the Buddhist version of Hindu god Ganesh, usually represented by two elephant-headed human beings embracing each other.
After being initiated in 1989, it was the first vertebrate genome after the human genome to be made publicly available.
However, more studies are required on MTR impacts on public water and human health, some studies indicate the possibility of the two.
By portraying the nafs as the source of human evil, the Malamati are led to believe that the more energy put into satisfying the ego, the less energy there is available to assist one in advancing one's spiritual transformation.
At the time, America's human population was increasing and the same question asked in the Psalms was asked by people like David Swenson: "How shall we sing the Lord's song in a strange land?"
After a year there, he lodged another unsuccessful appeal over the length of the sentence, this time with the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg.
"Such lyrical insight into the very core of the Spring and human emotion risen by it was hitherto unknown in Russian poetry," wrote critic Vasily Botkin in 1843.
Anthropogenic fixed nitrogen has originated from human activity.
The trail spans 17 destinations set in stunning landscapes, from the coast to the uplands, taking visitors on a journey to discover wildlife and natural beauty, family history and human events and achievements.
It applies to all human beings, not just in America—even those designated as 'unlawful enemy combatants.'
The founder of Hoi Tin Tong, Mr. Ng Yiu-ming, believes that Chinese herbs can strengthen human bodies and the immune system.
Tahir gave his personal motivation for instigating the delegation, saying "If you believe that you can make a difference in the lives of fellow human beings around you, in your community, in your state, in your country, you must offer your services.
West African Science Service Center on Climate Change and Adapted Land Use (WASCAL) is a research-focused Climate Service Centre designed to help tackle this challenge and thereby enhance the resilience of human and environmental systems to climate change and increased variability in West Africa.
Currently the species is decreasing in population, which is thought to be primarily caused by human development destroying their habitat.
In his perfect human form, Korvac retained all his cosmic abilities and could use these to achieve virtually any effect.
The Qurʾān, however, reminds human beings to remain focused on submission to God."
The purpose of the Faculty is to train professionals to be capable of competently engaging in the ethical issues that continually arise in the field of biological and biomedical sciences, with respect for human dignity and the protection of life of every individual, from conception to natural death.
PSH contains more than 13,900 terms, which cover the main fields of human knowledge.
The situation of human rights in Central Asia varies little between the region's countries, but are often reported to be a cause of concern among many outsider observers, governmental and non-governmental.
Notable human dietary studies of experimentally induced scurvy were conducted on conscientious objectors during World War II in Britain and on Iowa state prisoners in the late 1960s to the 1980s.
According to de Visser, tengu were first in the form of a bird, then had a human form with the head of a bird, and finally the bird beak became a long nose.
Húsavík is also home to The Exploration Museum, a museum about the history of human exploration.
The ps Rodney provides evidence of a defunct custom, way of life or process and shows rare evidence of a significant human activity important to a community.
It has provided numerous programs initiated by Jesuits to respond to the human needs of Hispanics in the border area of El Paso, Texas, and Juarez, Mexico.
There's nothing surreal about that; it's just human."
Organisms include those harmful to human health, to animal health, or to plant health.
During the First World War, he was a medical officer, and continued publishing papers, mostly on human female physiology.
The natural product was found to be cytotoxic against 25 different human cancer cell lines with an average IC50 value of 9.4 µg/mL, ranging from 3.5 (NEC) to 45 (A549) µg/mL.
"Assessment of possible luteolytic effect of intra-ovarian injection of prostaglandin F 2α in the human."
In the human skeleton, it consists of 80 bones and is composed of six parts; the skull (22 bones), also the ossicles of the middle ear, the hyoid bone, the rib cage, sternum and the vertebral column.
September 23 - October 28 - Strings of protests, mainly held by university students, erupted across Indonesia as the House of Representatives announced a controversial penal code that allegedly would "restrict freedom and human rights"
Hurts 2B Human was also the second best-selling album of the week, with pure album sales of 95,000 copies.
Architect Mimar Sinan converges the human soul from the earthly spaces to the spiritual and ethereal values step by step by combining every detail with simplicity as well as an advanced skill at Piyalepaşa Mosque.
Examples of sacrifice include food, animal sacrifice and human sacrifice.
In science fiction, the success in communication with extraterrestrial life forms often involve no attempt at solving the issue of the language barrier between the human characters and the alien characters.
The Boston Globe described the book as "astounding reading", stating that "[t]aken as a whole, this little compendium of essays will send you careening from mathematics to economics to the moral progress of the human race, and it is marvelous to watch this muddle of disciplines overlap".
The Barquisimeto high plateau is a privileged place for human settlement, commerce and communications, while the valley of the turbid river allows for intense agricultural use, in contrast to the aridity of the surrounding xerophytic vegetation.
Binding of escitalopram to human SERT protein 
The central motif in many pieces is a human face surrounded by plant and animal forms.
Human experiments have not been well documented.
DHDR Article 27 states the duty and responsibility for the States, primarily, to respect and ensure the substantive equality of every member of the human family, not only ensuring equality before the law, but also taking positive action to prevent direct or indirect discrimination.
It is wrapped around the waist and tied with a kafa, a traditional rope often made of woven coconut coir or human hair belonging to a deceased ancestor.
Kenneth Kay Kidd is an American human geneticist and emeritus professor of genetics at Yale University School of Medicine.
De la pertinence de sociétés duales (Relevance of a dual society) Contribution World Human Rights Forum 2004 - On line at PlanetAgora.com
The argument of overpopulation has been criticized by some scholars and environmentalists as being racist and having roots in colonialism and white supremacy, since control and reduction of human population is often focused on the global south, instead of on overconsumption and the global north, where it occurs.
Harry Sherer hailed the film's inversion of traditional "band movie" tropes, calling it "a fresh and unique look at the contemporary identity crisis among young adults...[moving for any] human with the capacity to feel."
It was the first case against Georgia ruled upon by the European Court of Human Rights.
Conversely, human children are able to ask their first questions (using only question intonation) at the babbling period of their development, long before they start using syntactic structures.
 members of the Scottish Human Rights Commission
The population is suspected to be declining due to poaching of prey species for human consumption as bushmeat, persecution, traffic accidents, and predation by domestic dogs and cats.
Controversial human rights issues in Canada have included assisted suicide rights, patient rights, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, parents' rights, children's rights, abortion rights vs rights of the unborn, minority rights, majority rights, rights of the disabled, aboriginal rights, tenant rights and economic, social and political rights.
The staff discussed how film and books regularly explored love and human emotions, but that it was missing from game design and it would be a "good challenge."
Human female sexual selection can be examined by looking at ways in which males and females are sexually dimorphic, especially in traits that serve little other evolutionary purpose.
"Freedom from fear" advocates, such as Andrew Mack, argue that human security should focus on the achievable goals of decreasing individual vulnerability to violent conflict, rather than broadly defined goals of economic and social development.
Starring Neel Sethi, with the voices of Bill Murray, Ben Kingsley, Idris Elba, Lupita Nyong'o, Scarlett Johansson, Giancarlo Esposito, and Christopher Walken, the film focuses on the story of Mowgli, an orphaned human boy who, guided by his animal guardians, sets out on a journey of self-discovery while evading the threatening Shere Khan.
Although Proust wrote contemporaneously with Sigmund Freud, with there being many points of similarity between their thought on the structures and mechanisms of the human mind, neither author read the other.
As part of the Human Genome Project, his group mapped much of chromosome 16 and positional cloning of genes on this chromosome.
Many species can see light within frequencies outside the human "visible spectrum".
In 1980 she received the USDA's Distinguished Service Award for "contributing to the protection of human health by developing identification standards and analytical methods essential to excluding mold toxins from cereal foods, milk and animal feed."
. . a matured belief that only as the spirit of Christianity penetrates the hearts of men will human brotherhood and wide-spread, enduring happiness be achieved . . . .
This includes: Long-Term Care, Hospitals, Community Care, Finance, Research, Human Resources, Communications, Education, Internal Organizing, and External Organizing.
The feelings, qualities, space and quantities of the D-Tower reflect the human roles and relationships with money, colour, value, feelings and action all becoming entwined.
For 35 years Snow's partner was human rights lawyer Madeleine Colvin, with whom he has two daughters.
This is done through the joint deployment plans (JDPs), the vehicle through which the EFCA organizes the deployment of national human and material means of control and inspection pooled by Member States.
These votive shrines are typically designed with four columns and a central volt, around the columns are modelled deities, spirits, and depictions of human life, the entire building built out of clay from termite mounds symbolically named jí ('yam') by the initiated spirit workers called ńdí m̀gbè.
Poe was known to drop severed heads into enemy-controlled villages as a form of psychological warfare and to use human ears to record the number of enemies his indigenous troops had killed.
2018: Nuqat presented a special edition two-day forum titled "The Human Capital: Investing in Creativity for Social Impact".
Kass argues that biotechnology may eventually be used as a substitute for virtue, hard work, study, or love in order to "fulfill our deepest human desires," but in the end lowering the reach of those desires only to those objects that can be realized technologically.
In a series of epilogues, the short-term fate of the remaining Undersiders is addressed and Taylor finds herself living as an unpowered human on the largely untouched Earth-Aleph, the alternate universe which most closely mirrors her own home world.
As well as appearing in the television series, she is also a major character in the Red Dwarf novel Last Human.
Diana is portrayed as the universal human character that the audience never experiences from the outside.
The book's plot is similar to that of a Victorian romance – specifically, Anthony Trollope's novel Framley Parsonage – with the obvious difference that the protagonists are not human beings but dragons.
This environment explains the fluctuating presence of artifacts in the post-Howiesons Poort layers and implies human activity at Rose Cottage Cave during this period.
As Secretary Trade Development Authority (Pakistan) (TDAP), Agha took steps to develop the financial rules after a lapse of a decade which resulted in the proper procedure for promotion, increments and other human resources for the TDAP officers.
Human migration is ‘the movement of persons away from their place of usual residence, either across an international boarder or within a state’.
 Management or Human Resources functions 
Among them were: elderly relatives of those repressed in the Stalin period; members of the committee that judged several hundred entries in a competition to design the new memorial (Ludmila Alexeyeva, Natalya Solzhenitsyn, Roman Romanov); and human rights officials from the presidential administration (Mikhail Fedotov, Tatiana Moskalkova and Vladimir Lukin).
Human beta-defensin 2 is produced by a number of epithelial cells and exhibits potent antimicrobial activity against Gram-negative bacteria and Candida, but not Gram-positive S. aureus.
Anatoly Aleksandrovich Yakobson (; 30 April 1935, Moscow — 28 September 1978, Jerusalem) was a literary critic, teacher, poet and a central figure in the human rights movement in the Soviet Union.
In human genetics, Haplogroup G-M285, also known as Haplogroup G1, is a Y-chromosome haplogroup.
The commission is independent U.S. government agency which was created 1975 to monitor Human Rights Violations and to encourage compliance with the Helsinki Final Act.
 Elena Urlaeva (born 1961), Uzbek human rights activist
Nauert criticized China's re-education camps and human rights violations against ethnic Uyghurs and other predominantly Muslim ethnic minorities in China's north-western province of Xinjiang.
The Buffy the Vampire Slayer novel Go Ask Malice: A Slayer's Diary depicts maenads as corrupted human beings in service of the ancient and powerful Greek vampire Kakistos.
Given specific natural conditions, these ecological niches then worked to tie diverse human groups within the essential ancient trade networks.
This group provides recommendations to the National Science Foundation for better understanding and responding to human influences on the natural world.
On 9 May 2006 Azerbaijan was elected to membership in the newly established Human Rights Council by the United Nations General Assembly.
UTIG strives to conduct research that expands the frontiers of knowledge in earth science, has societal and economic relevance, and is of human interest.
The Human Rights Campaign likewise uses the hashtag in this manner.
The brown rat replaced the former black rat (Rattus rattus) which was common in human habitation in Faroe before.
Endorsed in Resolution 17/4 by the Human Rights Council on June 16, 2011, the report outlines three main principles.
Scholars deem the enumeration open insofar as new rights can be included under the principle of human dignity as a foundation of the political order and social peace (Section 10).
What initially reads as another of the many modest human dramas that Zweig made his speciality, this small tale actually has a far more panoramic sub-plot, for it is a metaphor of World War I's impact on Viennese life and culture.
The films touches and satires on social issues such as corruption, inequality, human trafficking, ethnic relations, and also cultural understandings between the characters.
Other examples of dicarboxylic acids include aspartic acid and glutamic acid, two amino acids in the human body.
Birds described from subfossil remains that became extinct as a consequence of human settlement of the island and the introduction of exotic mammals include the Mangaia rail (Gallirallus ripleyi) and the Mangaia crake (Porzana rua).
In July, 2011, Placide organized the first regional LGBT security and human rights training for the Organization of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS) and a regional documentation training for activists in 2013.
In 1999, he stated his criticism of U.S. policy:In the name of anticommunism, U.S.-supported armies suppressed democracy, free speech, and human rights in El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua and Panama.
The insights that Least Heat-Moon gained in his travels along the blue highways were two-fold in that while he was able to come to terms with his own personal growth, he was simultaneously able to contemplate how he as a human being fit into the greater fabric of the universe.
She can maintain a human form by using secret medicine.
After making some initial gains, Iraq's troops began to suffer losses from human wave attacks by Iran.
It's where I say, you know, if by introducing music I can have somebody look across the racial divide and see a black face and see this person as a human being—and that's why my work is unashamedly romantic" (Ismail, 2011, pp.
According to Human Rights Watch, "Iran assisted the Shia Hazara Hezb-i Wahdat forces of Abdul Ali Mazari, as Iran attempted to maximize Wahdat's military power and influence."
This "produce" is, at its simplest, that which satisfies human needs and wants of utility.
This ability is used to wage a "war of nerves" against Earth in which the Mysterons issue threats against specific targets (from world leaders and military installations to entire cities and continents) and then destroy and reconstruct whatever instruments are needed (whether human beings or objects) to carry out their plans.
They buried some of their more prestigious dead in oval stone sarcophagi, with human heads or zoomorphic figures sculpted on them.
In December 2012 Nova Scotia added gender identity and expression to the list of things explicitly protected from harassment in that province's Human Rights Act.
This new interest in human activities led to the development of political science with The Prince of Niccolò Machiavelli.
This human and computer network links the national information systems of the 28 Member States, Norway, and their key partners to the EMCDDA.
The West Area Computers were African American, female mathematicians who worked as human computers at the Langley Research Center from 1943 through 1958.
While saponins are promoted commercially as dietary supplements and are used in traditional medicine, there is no high-quality clinical evidence that they have any beneficial effect on human health.
The romantic model of language understands language as a means of human expression of themselves and their identities.
In evolution, "reciprocal altruism" is seen as a distinctive advance in the capacity of human groups to survive and reproduce, as their exceptional brains demanded exceptionally long childhoods and ongoing provision and protection even beyond that of the immediate family.
"Unmitigated climate change would, in the long term, be likely to exceed the capacity of natural, managed and human systems to adapt".
What's great about this series is that it raises legitimately interesting questions about human nature, but it does so in an entirely entertaining package.
He earned a Master of Human Relations from University of Oklahoma.
The human woman is sometimes lost in the woods and the animal finds her, or she is taken by the animal to its den.
1997  Evaluating Human Genetic Diversity.
REACH addresses the production and use of chemical substances, and their potential impacts on both human health and the environment.
As in Hinduism, the Buddhist nāga generally has sometimes portrayed as a human being with a snake or dragon extending over his head.
He was the primordial king in the Peloponnesus, authorized by Zeus: "Formerly Zeus himself had ruled over men, but Hermes created a confusion of human speech, which spoiled Zeus' pleasure in this Rule".
Although widespread, it is uncommon in much of its range and has receded in some areas from human activity.
Like all steel guitars, it can play unlimited glissandi (sliding notes) and deep vibrati—characteristics it shares with the human voice.
They make an important contribution to the streetscape at the northern end of George Street as an intact grouping and representing the more human scale, early residences of The Rocks.
The lethal dose for a 60 kg adult human is 70 mg.
Campbell argues that in 19th-century Madagascar the human factor, in the form of the Merina state, was the predominant demographic influence.
Michelangelo depicts Christ as if he is growing out of Mary's shoulder to take human form, one leg hanging limply and the other not visible at all, therefore making him a part of Mary.
Unless ecological balance is ensured on a long-term basis, no living species, including the human beings, may be able to survive.
Normally the galactic civilization does surveys of planets every one million years for new species, but the human race did not exist the last time the survey was done – four hundred thousand years before.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that not a single air raid had been conducted by Russia or the Syrian Government on 2 August and added that while the two sides had exchanged artillery shelling, the agreement had succeeded in "reducing violence" in the region.
John Stuart Mill, in his Autobiography, recalled that in childhood, Baillie's Constantine Paleologus seemed to him "one of the most glorious of human compositions" He continued to see it "one of the best dramas of the last two centuries".
Since the recording of Dare, the Human League have frequently played the song live.
In March, the International Bar Association's Human Rights Institute, IBAHRI, condemned the mistreatment of Julian Assange in the extradition trial.
Long-Term Fellowship (2003-2006) and Career Development Award (2006-2009) Human Science Frontier Program 
Other major human characters include Betsy's father and stepmother Antonia ("the Ant"), who are expecting a baby, Betsy's professor mom Elise (a Civil War historian)  and a policeman, Nick Berry.
The Netherlands was condemned by the European Court of Human Rights in 1985 in the case of X and Y v. the Netherlands, for inadequate prosecution of sexual violence.
Human Rights Watch has accused the Government of Sri Lanka of allowing the former LTTE faction Karuna Group which had become a unofficial pro-government para-military organization since its defection from the LTTE in 2004.
Nearly thirty volcanoes are known to have erupted in the Holocene epoch; these include Eldgjá, source of the largest lava eruption in human history.
offers the following educational programs: Physical Education, Human Health, Tourism, Hotel and Restaurant Business.
Human traces have been found dating between 690,000 and 300,000 years before present in the form of hammers and worked tools on the hill of Grazailles at Carcassonne.
Surveys can be a practical way to decide whether or not to carry out an excavation (as a way of recording the basic details of a possible site), but may also be ends in themselves, as they produce important information about past human activities in a regional context.
Detained children were reported to be treated poorly, suffering from physical and sexual abuse, starvation, denied an education and denied basic human dignity.
Paul Simon, The Human Element in the Church of Christ, Translated by Meyrick Booth, Newman Press, 1954.
She was also interested in researching the genetic basis of human diseases such as Tay-Sachs disease.
Responders to his Doomsday prediction objected on the grounds of the finite human gestation time of 9 months, and the transparent fact that biological systems rarely persist in exponential growth for any substantial length of time.
The alphabet confuses the distinction between signals and repertoire members in human communication.
She served as special counsel to the chairman on human rights for Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold, Inc.
Advocacy and support services in the Northeast Kingdom, including 24-hour support for survivors of domestic and sexual violence and abuse, stalking, teen dating violence, human trafficking as well as violence related to gender or sexual orientation, are now provided by the nonprofit organization Umbrella.
The majority of facilities, offices, and classes through the UVA SChool of Education and Human Development are held in Ridley Hall, which includes its own education library.
There had been human activity within Batu Ferringhi as early as 1592, when an Englishman, Sir James Lancaster, arrived and began pillaging other vessels around Penang Island.
The term "Clovis" is used by archaeologists to define one of the New World's earliest hunter-gatherer cultures and is named after the site near Clovis, New Mexico, where human artifacts were found associated with the procurement and processing of mammoth and other large and small fauna.
The book cataloged the environmental impacts of the indiscriminate spraying of DDT in the US and questioned the logic of releasing large amounts of chemicals into the environment without fully understanding their effects on human health and ecology.
Erin Greene is a Bahamian human rights advocate.
Similar allegations have been received by Chile's National Institute for Human Rights, which also included reports of sexual violence.
They invented socialism, communism, human rights and democracy so that persecuting them would appear to be wrong so they may enjoy equal rights with others.
Under the rule, a rate review program was established to ensure that all rate increases that meet or exceed a specified threshold are reviewed by a state or the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) to determine if they are unreasonable and to publish these rate increases for public view.
The story is set in a world where artificially intelligent, emotional androids called Phiroids were developed before a rapid decline in human civilization.
International Human Solidarity Day (IHSD), observed on December 20, is an international annual unity day of the United Nations and its member states.
Human sustainability can be achieved by attaining sustainability in all levels of the seven modalities.
These characters symbolize the human contract between the powerful (the manager) and the powerless (the playwright) and the waiter (brute force).
If true, this violation of human rights cannot be ignored – Chechen authorities must immediately investigate these allegations, hold anyone involved accountable, and take steps to prevent future abuses."
In temples of south India, She is also eulogized as Atharvana Bhadrakali as the She is considered the ruling Goddess of the Atharva Veda, the scripture which contains spells to conjure and cure.Teun Goudriaan Maya: Divine And Human
He was executive director of the Africa division at Human Rights Watch from 2011 to 2016.
Cain - The only Psychic Assassin who appears to be evil before Gamo's brainwashing, he loves to fight because he enjoys the thrill of possible death, and says that the Cyborgs do not have to worry about him due to his human body.
Speaking in the  House of Commons, the Foreign Office Minister Bill Rammell said the government "endorse his comments about the human rights situation in Uzbekistan".
OHCHR has participated in the teaching of the international system of human rights protection since 2016, and UNDP has been supporting the electoral system workshops.
Buffy confronts Sid, who explains his past to the Scooby Gang; he was once a human demon hunter cursed into this form by a group of demons, the Brotherhood of Seven.
Human perception of load factor 
He has been called the founder of the LDS contemporary art movement that expresses spiritual belief through the human form.
Tokelau ensures they are adhering to Article 25 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in regards to access to healthcare by making all dental and medical services free to the citizens of Tokelau.
Journal of Human Evolution,  2010 (in press).
Human hepatocellular carcinoma and also murine liver cancer is characterised by the presentce of a LGR5-positive compartment not present in healthy liver.
 Palestinian Centre for Human Rights (PCHR)
Other changes commonly measured in the electrocardiogram during human breath-hold dives include ST depression, heightened T wave, and a positive U wave following the QRS complex, measurements associated with reduced left ventricular contractility and overall depressed cardiac function during a dive.
 Singapore Human Resources Institute (SHRI)
The fruit are gathered for human consumption, and are either eaten fresh or fermented into an alcoholic beverage.
The Sassi originate from a prehistoric troglodyte settlement and are suspected to be among the first human settlements in Italy.
The ELSI (Ethical, Legal, and Social Initiative), which is part of the Human Genome Project, was created with the aim of "foster[ing] basic and applied research on the ethical, legal and social implications of genetic and genomic research for individuals, families and communities.".
Although legal, it was emblematic of a regime that disregarded human rights as part of its fight against terrorism.
Human growth hormone (HGH), also referred to as  'growth hormone' (GH), and also as somatotropin, is released under the influence of hypothalamic growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH), and is inhibited by hypothalamic somatostatin.
A former human who founded Buddhism, known as "The Enlightened One".
FLIR (Forward looking infrared) cameras track heat sources, such as a vehicle or human body in darkness and have a high-powered zoom video camera for daylight hours.
Vives was the first noted scholar to directly analyze the human psyche.
His animations have been described as "satirical grotesque" and often portray the dark side of human nature and contemporary social, political, and religious values in a humorous and at times, shocking way.
The engineering human resource demand of the industries is worked out by the council.
According to Human Rights Report 2009 of the US State Department, radical fundamentalist Georgian Orthodox groups blocked the reconstruction of a 1905 mosque.
Philosophy of action – theories about the processes causing willful human bodily movements of a more or less complex kind.
Michael Schumacher revealed that the cause of his emotion was of him thinking about Senna's death at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix and said that he was surprised at how the media reacted to the moment which said that Schumacher "was human after all".
This radio drama podcast is written by and stars musician Julian Koster, It depicts Koster as a shy janitor named Julian working in the Eiffel Tower, where his favorite show entitled The Orbiting Human Circus is performed.
The characterization that "all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average" has been used to describe a real and pervasive human tendency to overestimate one's achievements and capabilities in relation to others.
Zimmer also attempted to add human dimension to Batman, whose behavior would typically be seen as "psychotic", through the music.
In addition to behavior research, crash research is also a component in traffic psychology, looking at driving methodology, individual differences, characteristics of personality, temporary impairments, and relevant capabilities, the driver as an information processor (includes perception and reaction times), human factors on highway crashs, and the pedestrian (identifying vulnerability, causes and prevention of crashs).
The questions of environmental history date back to antiquity, including  Hippocrates, the father of medicine, who asserted that different cultures and human temperaments could be related to the surroundings in which peoples lived in Airs, Waters, Places.
On 12 May 2011, the team's first human powered helicopter, Gamera I, was flown by pilot Judy Wexler for 4.2 seconds at a height of a few inches.
For Gadamer, "the experience of art is exemplary in its provision of truths that are inaccessible by scientific methods, and this experience is projected to the whole domain of human sciences."
In the 1990s, Maria da Penha appealed to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and, in 2001, she was able obtain justice and hold the Brazilian Government accountable for judicial tolerance of domestic violence.
The painting seems to pulsate with life, even though only one human is shown.
Peter Wen-shiung Huang (, also known as Peter Ng; born 2 October 1937) is a Taiwanese activist for democratization and human rights.
When Shere Khan returns to the jungle, Bagheera offers to take Mowgli to a nearby human village for his safety.
In 2004, he tested positive for recombinant human Erythropoietin (rhEPO) and was suspended from competition for two years.
The politics of the Oak Ridges Moraine in southern Ontario, Canada, have centred on the question of how to preserve this extensive natural resource that is increasingly threatened by human modification.
(1969) Determination of triiodothyronine concentration in human serum.
Their attractive, almost sweetmeat-like translucency possibly invited the first essays at their consumption by the human species".
Recreation is an essential part of human life and finds many different forms which are shaped naturally by individual interests but also by the surrounding social construction.
The freedom we take ourselves to have is fully consistent with thorough-going determinism regarding human action.
Cases collected by Global Human Rights Defence show that young underage Christian (and Hindu) girls are often targeted by Muslims for forced conversion to Islam.
In 2012, Professor Dr. Ekmeleddin İhsanoğlu – the then Secretary-General of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation – urged countries to abolish female genital mutilation (FGM), saying the practice was against Islam and human rights: "This practice is a ritual that has survived over centuries and must be stopped as Islam does not support it."
He is also a member of the editorial board of the Netherlands Quarterly of Human Rights.
For services to human rights in Southern Africa.
He felt that contemporary Danish art was in a crisis and lacked human values.
The law school offers students the ability to take concentrations in six different areas: Business Law & Compliance, Civil Advocacy & Dispute Resolution, Criminal Law, Human & Civil Rights Law, Law & Technology and Personal & Family Law.
Article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights is a provision of the European Convention which protects the right to a fair trial.
Lavabit received media attention in July 2013 when it was revealed that Edward Snowden was using the Lavabit email address Ed_Snowden@lavabit.com to invite human rights lawyers and activists to a press conference during his confinement at Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow.
It is felt by some, such as human rights activist Abdullah Hamadi, that the empty niches should be left as monuments to the fanaticism of the Taliban, while others believe the money could be better spent on housing and electricity for the region.
Soviet historian Alexander Nikolaevich Yakovlev expands upon this, stating that Stalin was the "architect of the gulag system for totally destroying human life".
Also, transcription itself contorts DNA in living human cells, tightening some parts of the coil and loosening it in others.
In the late 1970s, the Judges Club' issued statements in support of human rights improvements in Egypt, and greater respect by the government for the rule of law.
However, post-processing of the optic nerve and other portions of the human visual system combine the information from the rods and cones to re-create what appears to be a high-resolution color image.
Hurricanes, habitat destruction, and human population growth are several factors leading to a decreasing population trend, and the minor red bat is listed as vulnerable by the IUCN Red List due to ongoing population reduction and a small geographic range.
Researchers study the factors that influence human performance in the aerospace environment, find ways to understand them, and communicate that understanding to the aviation community.
Geneticists are limited in how they can obtain data from human populations.
One of the first signs of age on the human face is the increase in prominence of the nasolabial folds.
Increases in human stature are a main indicator of improvements in the average health of populations.
However, the species likely always been sparse in widespread populations, even before human interference in the habitat, and conservation of remaining habitat fragments will probably be enough to maintain it.
Human rights groups have questioned the awarding in 2010 of the right to host the competition, due to the possibility that gay football fans may be jailed.
Whereas the eponymous concept album's lyrics focus on human struggle and self-determination, A Beautiful Lie's lyrics are more personal and the music introduces screaming vocals.
Billy adopted a human disguise — the "B.S.
This is very much counter to the human nature of taking shortcuts, and so takes training, discipline, and having all operators using the same language, techniques, and procedures.
Deworming is a method to kill off the worms that have infected a human or animal by giving anthelmintic drugs.
In short, if there is a clear universal human Paleolithic diet, it is the use of fire to cook food.
1–5, 1992–2003, including "Amnesty Clause", "United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights", "Combatants", "Spanish Civil War", "Population Expulsion", "Repatriation", "Open Towns", "Curzon Line", "Territory, Abandonment", "Territory, Discovery", "United States Dependent Territories", "European Recovery Program", "Westphalia, Peace of", etc.
There are two explanations for the lack of responsiveness in the promoter of human inducible nitric oxide synthetase (iNOS) to NO activation by lipopolysaccharides (LPS) + interferon gamma (IFNγ).
In March 2017, Rubio was one of five senators to introduce legislation expanding sanctions targeting the ballistic missile development of Iran along with support for terrorism, any transfer of weapons, and human rights violations.
Since its inception, the NSUD has always remained vigilant to all the unfolding of political situations affecting the Nagas, and accordingly made innumerable interventions on its capacity by staging protest, sensitising and mobilising the public, organising seminars on the political issues and human rights, and sending representations to the Indian leadership to impress upon with the desire of the Nagas.
However, empirical research makes a strong case that time inconsistency is, in fact, standard in human preferences.
 United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)
To elucidate the absorption mechanism, from solid lipid nanoparticle, human excised Caco-2 cell monolayer could be alternative tissue for development of an in-vitro model to be used as a screening tool before animal studies are undertaken.
The Russian human rights group Memorial called the attacks by South Ossetian militia "pogroms".
Wage slavery "implies erosion of the human personality ... [because] some men submit to the will of others, arousing in these instincts which predispose them to cruelty and indifference in the face of the suffering of their fellows".
Pete and Jeannette were working heavily on Central American human rights issues at this time, and wrote several songs on the subject that were considered by the band to be too political in nature for a mostly upbeat pop record.
"True" is a song by American recording artist Brandy Norwood recorded for her fifth studio album Human (2008).
In a time when human sciences were trying to establish themselves as objective-scientific, he recognized that the only means by which to achieve scientific objectivity was by disclosing each scholar's own individual subjectivity.
1997 - [with T. Bierschenk], "ECRIS: rapid collective inquiry for the identification of conflicts and strategic groups", Human Organization 56 (2) : 238-244.
This fire would purify believers ahead of a new human community existing in the New Jerusalem.
Rajiv Gandhi National Cyber Law Centre, Bhopal was established in 2006 by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India at New Delhi.
In December 2019, the Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights and the Committee for the Defence of Democracy organized protests throughout Poland against the Polish judicial disciplinary panel law.
For example, postmortem studies of human AD brain reveal dysregulation in PTEN, Akt, S6K, and mTOR.
The central question of this discourse was how Muslim society would fit into the general development of human history.
Courses include “Reversing the Resource Curse” co-organized with the Natural Resource Governance Institute (NRGI) and a political advisor course for Eastern Partners co-organized with the Folke Bernadotte Academy (FBA), the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR).
Modern corn is incapable of reproducing without human help; the kernels will stay firmly attached to the cob and rot.
not existing in any tangible form) where human beings are undertaking some activities that achieve some purpose".
Ray tells Ben he knows about the one-way mirror and calls him a pervert, but Ben claims that he was only studying human sociology.
In announcing the funding, government officials noted that epigenetics has the potential to explain mechanisms of aging, human development, and the origins of cancer, heart disease, mental illness, as well as several other conditions.
The human protein is coded by the DRD4 on chromosome 11 located in 11p15.5.
She works in human resources and changes her name to Sister Mary after becoming a born-again Christian.
Matt Freedman wrote that the Chimera paintings (2007) conveyed "the distinctiveness not only of contemporary and modernist art, but also of the postmodern human condition."
In 2009 a racial profiling complaint regarding the incident was argued in front of the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal.
Along with a nap in the day, it has been argued that this is the natural pattern of human sleep in long winter nights.
The majority of trafficking victims in Europe are young adult women and the most common reason for human trafficking is sexual exploitation.
Jeremy D. Larson concurred with this idea, claiming that Stetson's music is "alien but human, technically astounding but filled with passion – the saxophone acts as a medium of expression tied to his whole body", but admitted that "to most ears, Stetson’s music is hard to classify."
On 16 October 2009, the UN Human Rights Council endorsed the report.
Both human resource managers Judy Maddox and Jarva Slade quickly deny involvement when confronted about the disappearances.
He is a being of pure spirit, although capable of taking on human form, and is apparently immortal: he cannot be killed, but his power can be reduced to near insignificance.
He was appointed chairman of the government's Science Policy Committee in August 1990, and he headed the Human Resources Policy Cabinet between 1992–1993.
The United States and Russia release a joint statement on their agreement toward human rights.
Sederek cave, burial monuments of the Bronze Age, the ruins of the cyclopes building named "Div hörən" (Built by Giant) allows to assume that this area is the ancient human settlement.
Twenty dentin disks were cut from human extracted third molars.
Two years later he obtained his PhD magna cum laude at the Free University of Berlin/Max Planck Institute for Human Development and Education.
Dhrupad Sansar was started under the Cell for Human Values to create an appreciation about Indian Classical Arts and Culture among staff and students of the institution.
Jamaica has been described by some human rights groups as the most homophobic country in the world because of the high level of violent crime directed at LGBT people.
The Managed Risk Medical Insurance Board (MRMIB) of California is a component of the California Health and Human Services Agency.
For example, storm drains are not designed with human access as their primary use.
Gunderson majored in human biology at Stanford University.
Pieces of Bedford shale can look as if they were cut by human hands and are found up to about  msl.
In June, Human Rights Watch investigated six UAV attacks that were reported to have resulted in civilian casualties and alleged that Israeli forces either failed to take all feasible precautions to verify that the targets were combatants or failed to distinguish between combatants and civilians.
2015) (en banc) and Cloer v. Sec'y of Health & Human Servs., 675 F.3d 1358 (Fed.
Dr. Mathias Osvath, a cognitive zoologist from Lund University, together with Elin Karvonen, studied the phenomenon, and their studies suggest that Santino's behaviour shows that forward planning and premeditated deception is not a uniquely human trait.
The missile may have automatically locked onto Konarak as the largest target or else been set as the target by human error.
Pornography can infringe into basic human rights of those involved, especially when sexual consent was not obtained.
Ashley Montagu: Touching: The Human Significance of the Skin, Harper Paperbacks, 1986
There is a deep understanding of human nature and the environment... sites hold 'feelings' which cannot be described in physical terms... subtle feelings that resonate through the bodies of these people...
She has her own law firm Annette Sykes & Co. Ltd.  She is a human rights lawyer specialising in the rights of indigenous peoples to promote their own systems of law.
When in human form Magnacat has blond hair and wears a green business suit.
White Rabbit then joined Human Fly, Razorback, Toad, and Yellowjack in a plan to deliver payback to the captive Black Ant only for Taskmaster to rescue Black Ant.
It's also revealed in the same alternate second timeline of the manga that Marry's "Queen" (of the snakes) power here causes a great toll on her body as it slowly deteriorates her body to the point she can't move at all, possibly a result of her being more human than Medusa.
It has been hypothesized by a group of atmospheric scientists at Texas A&M University that particulates in the atmosphere caused by human activities may suppress drizzle.
Ben cuts the number in half and when Evans sneers that it "has to be your way", Ben retorts that "it's my neck"—he is the logical candidate for the human test—and accuses Len of trying to stop him by using the film as a scare tactic.
Fürstenberg is a director of the Diller – von Furstenberg Family Foundation, which provides support to nonprofit organizations in the area of community building, education, human rights, arts, health and the environment.
– Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon has condemned crackdowns on "innocent protesters", and called on the Libyan security forces "to respect the human rights of demonstrators and uphold their commitment to freedom of speech and the right to assembly."
Pablo Solón was named the 2011 international Human Rights Award winner by Global Exchange.
He was notably absent from all their gigs in 2007 and failed to perform with them on The Steel City Tour with The Human League and ABC in late 2008, despite efforts by Ware and Glenn Gregory to get him to return.
The religious life that he started with the Novitiate during the Vespers on October 6, 1960, is a good school for the spirit which convinced him of the necessity to control the human faculty necessary for the practice of mysticism: the will.
According to Lonergan himself, the 1945 lecture series that he delivered at TMI, entitled "Thought and Reality," served as the seed for his seminal book, Insight: A Study of Human Understanding (1957).
Member of the Human Resources Subcommittee.
Players must summon and control phantoms to fight for them, as well as managing Kartia supplies, casting magic with Kartia cards, and creating weapons for the human combatants.
Flowering Tree is based on the theories of ecological design, sustainable human living, and agriculture.
Jennalee Ryan (born October 25, 1957) is an entrepreneur and single mother of eight children best known for the foundation of a human embryo bank named The Abraham Center of Life.
On the Oubliette, the young detective Isidore Beautrelet helps vigilantes catch Sobornost agents illicitly uploading human minds.
And as Julia M. Busch points out, even the sculptures avoid reference to anything recognizably, bodily human.
Congregations may determine their own teaching on marriage and human sexuality; some congregations choose to perform same-sex marriages while others define marriage as heterosexual.
Estimates of the human losses due to famine must account for the numbers involved in migration (including forced resettlement).
The theoretical maximum heart rate of a human is 300bpm, however there have been multiple cases where this theoretical upper limit has been exceeded.
Both Amnesty International and the Human Rights Watch have urged for the protests to be allowed and for an independent investigation into the killings to be made.
Jessica Martin writes, "Insofar as rollback is concerned, American support for rebels, especially in Afghanistan, at the time helped to drain Soviet coffers and tax its human resources, contributing to that nation's overall crisis and eventual disintegration."
O'Quinn earned a bachelor’s of science degree at the University of North Texas and went on to earn a master’s degree in counseling and human development from Hardin-Simmons University.
Writing in a 1992 article for the journal Science Fiction Studies, David N. Samuelson pointed out that the literary conceit of "assuming human beings are necessary for the universe we know" predated Typewriter in the Sky as well as What Mad Universe (1949) by Fredric Brown.
Having reviewed legal arguments from both sides, the Working Group determined that Kadyr Yusupov has been arbitrarily detained by the government of Uzbekistan since December 2018, in contravention of articles 3, 8, 9, 10, 11 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and articles 2(3), 9, 14 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Map of the Human Heart was also nominated for Best Original Music Score, Best Achievement in Sound, Editing and Cinematography categories.
This was one of the first studies to show evidence for the cultural intelligence hypothesis in a non human species- frequency of learning opportunities had gradually produced differences in cognitive abilities between the two species.
 Etta Rosales, Chairperson of the Commission on Human Rights (2010–2015), Akbayan representative (1998–2007), activist
The zmeu is described by some as a "dragon", but a dragon that may assume the role of a suitor or a lover of a human female, and in some cases are heroic figures, though in other cases, diabolical.
In campus speeches, Fang spoke on topics such as human rights and democracy as matters of social responsibility.
Fassbender said, "David's views on the human crew are somewhat childlike.
In it Ardrey restated and developed his challenge to the reigning methodological assumption of the social sciences, that human behavior is fundamentally distinct from animal behavior.
However, despite Hazard's offer to Bristol's governor, Nathaniel Fiennes, to gather a group of women and act as a human shield, Fiennes, subsequently surrendered to the Royalists.
The natural beach environment has been much degraded by human activity, despite being protected inside the Natural Park of the Los Lances beach, which is part of the Natural Park of the Strait (Parque Natural del Estrecho).
Meanwhile, on two successive nights, two powerful-looking men emerge from a lake — aliens in human camouflage bio-suits: the bounty hunter Eleven (), and Sixty-Six (Andrew Jackson).
In law, a legal person is any person or 'thing' (less ambiguously, any legal entity) that can do the things a human person is usually able to do in law – such as enter into contracts, sue and be sued, own property, and so on.
In this respect, European Trade Commissioner, Cecilia Malmström, in March 2017 expressed the EU’s concerns about the abusive policies on drugs and warned that the country could lose its GSP+ preferences due to these human rights violations.
Limosilactobacillus mucosae strain ME-340 expressing the gene Lam29, which encodes for a protein that is believed to be related to the cysteine-binding transporter, shows a significant adhesion for human blood group A and B antigens.
Nafion has been shown to be stable in cell cultures as well as the human body, and there is considerable research towards the production of higher sensitivity glucose sensors.
Starlings have diverse and complex vocalizations and have been known to embed sounds from their surroundings into their own calls, including car alarms and human speech patterns.
According to the American Academy of Ophthalmology, a novel CNTF implant "is a semipermeable fiber membrane filled with human retinal pigment epithelium cells that secrete ciliary neurotrophic factor".
In her true form she doesn't take on an Oni's demonic appearance like the other princesses but looks just as she does in her human guise except for her skin turning a pale violet tinged grey and her hair turning silver.
 Founding President of the Moroccan Organization for Human Rights (OMDH);
She also holds faculty appointments in the Department of Comparative Human Development, the Committee on Evolutionary Biology, and the Committee on Neurobiology.
Due to its ruggedness, the park lacks any significant human settlement.
The Free Talha Ahsan family campaign was short-listed for a Liberty Human Rights Award in 2013, described as a "creative and innovative campaign" and in its use of art, poetry, film and music to bring the issue of summary extradition to wider public and political attention described as "inspiring".
In 2001, early in his term as Secretary of Health and Human Services,  Thompson's office rejected 19 of 26 people, including a Nobel laureate, recommended for seats on the advisory board for the NIH developing nations unit by the unit's director.
"No Simpson landscape was usually considered complete without the interpolation of a human or animal motif, from boys fishing to cattle grazing."
When asked of why he chose Mexico to do his next film, Mifune quoted, “Simply because, first of all, Mr. Ismael Rodríguez convinced me; secondly, because I was eager to work in beautiful Mexico, of great tradition; and thirdly, because the story and character of 'Animas Trujano' seemed very human to me”.
John Freeman of The Quietus described "Stripped" as an "ominous and intriguing pop song" that is lyrically akin to other songs written by Martin Gore featuring sensual lyrics about the human body.
He also drew on many less formal observations of human and animal behavior.
20-HETE is produced by human neutrophils and platelets and by the ascending tubule cells in the medulla as well the pre-glomerular arterioles and certain other localized areas of the rabbit kidney.
Before this ruling, the term Bosnian Genocide had been used by some academics and human rights officials.
In the committee's summary report provided to the White House and NASA on September 8, 2009, the panel concluded that human exploration beyond low-Earth orbit was not viable under the FY 2010 budget guideline.
Middle East expert, John Wright, cautions that modern estimates are based on back-calculations from human observation.
It is the largest Hopewell Native American site in the state, and contains evidence of human activity that stretches over 10,000 years in length from the present day.
In addition, he also made realistic sculptural works in bronze, which integrated not only the human figure, but also books (see Babel, 1985).
Existing defense-in-depth cyber technologies have struggled against the increasing wave of sophisticated and persistent human attackers.
They are manly, vigorous, athletic, showing great knowledge of the human form, but somewhat stiff and automaton-like.
In December 2008 a federal judge summoned the police commissioner, his deputy, and three other police officials for deposition as part of an investigation into alleged police protection of a ring of brothels suspected of human trafficking in the Mataderos neighborhood of Buenos Aies.
The area has been inhabited since ancient times – archaeological findings date back to the Paleolithic, proving human presence for over 70,000 years .
Human Rights Watch and Reporters Without Borders state that it is "ironic that companies whose existence depends on freedom of information and expression have taken on the role of censor."
At a human rights panel discussion at the Glenbow Museum on August 14, 2007, the topic of the Aryan Guard was discussed.
Rather than grouping them together, Dowland presents a paradox in which the lady herself becomes more beautiful than her sorrow; at this time, it was the emotion itself that was generally considered to be the beauty or charm, rather than the human subject itself.
Overall animal bones that showed human interaction occurred rarely throughout the Daima III phase.
One main point that the report emphasizes is the necessity for education to be a human right.
Data for numerical weather prediction is provided by observations from satellites, from the ground (both human and from automatic weather stations), from buoys at sea, radar, radiosonde weather balloons, wind profilers, commercial aircraft and a background field from previous model runs.
Because of this complexity, the presence of pain in an animal, or another human for that matter, cannot be determined unambiguously using observational methods, but the conclusion that animals experience pain is often inferred on the basis of likely presence of phenomenal consciousness which is deduced from comparative brain physiology as well as physical and behavioural reactions.
suPAR is mainly measured in serum and plasma isolated from human venous blood.
Scientists speculate that human population growth threatens the carrying capacity of the planet.
A notice at the beginning of the film characterizes it as a careful and balanced presentation of Luther's story: "This dramatization of a decisive moment in human history is the result of careful research of facts and conditions in the 16th century as reported by historians of many faiths."
For Human Endeavour and for charitable services.
Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers.
Founded in 1787 by 24 Philadelphia physicians  "to advance the Science of Medicine, and thereby lessen human misery, by investigating the diseases and remedies which are peculiar to our country" and to promote "order and uniformity in the practice of Physick," it has made important contributions to medical education and research.
Bradley also serves as vice chair of the House Human Resources Committee.
This fact with the difficulty of finding conclusive of evidence often makes broad generalizations of the earlier human diets very difficult.
Based on a genome analysis, there are 32 DDs, 7 DEDs, 28 CARDs and 19 PYDs in the human genome.
In addition, Mishra holds a postgraduate diploma in human resource management.
Thus, manufacturing optics which produce images that appear natural to human vision is problematic.
In a more positive review, James Berardinelli awarded the film 3 out of 4 stars, writing: "The thing that makes Freedomland riveting is the way in which its tale of human tragedy unfolds.
Administration of luteinizing hormone (LH) (or human chorionic gonadotropin) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) is very effective in the treatment of male infertility due to hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
However, this erosion has led to the uncovering of many human and animal remains.
The study concluded that the IMT-GT had great potential to stimulate cross-border economic integration in 6 priority areas, namely: Infrastructure Development; Agriculture & Fisheries; Trade; Tourism; Human Resource Development; and Professional Services.
Human analysis can lead to oversight of certain possibilities.
It is an amazing global human asset.
He teaches courses on the history of China and Japan, as well as other courses such as Human Rights, Four Chinese Cities, East Asian Senior Research in the East Asian Studies and Political Science departments.
The ratio of the non-coding to coding sequence for human ADK (>550) is the highest known for any gene.
The bill also requires compensation of victims of human trade and slavery.
25B-NBF (2C-B-NBF, NBF-2C-B) is a derivative of the phenethylamine hallucinogen 2C-B, which acts as a highly potent partial agonist for the human 5-HT2A receptor.
Drugs that specifically inhibit only human Kinesin-5 are alternatives to the taxanes and vinc alkaloids that target microtubules, and thus all cells, and that are currently used clinically.
Bowman became a professor and chair of the Department of Human Genetics at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston in 1967, where she began studying cystic fibrosis (CF).
The second single from Only Human, "I Don't Care", was released on 2 November and similarly to its predecessor debuted at number one in the UK, becoming Cheryl's fifth number one in the country.
Her work is interested in environmental issues and human rights.
For instance, the translated work of John of Nikiû explaining human history until the Muslim conquest of Egypt in 642 became a canonical text in Ethiopian historiography.
These compounds are not utilized by the human body and are usually excreted by the kidney.
Highly abstract and somewhat open-ended both visually and textually, some themes explored include the inside universe, the nature of belief, beauty, the human body and lust.
Kamm wrote in October 2012: "The International Commission on Missing Persons (ICMP) has revealed the identity of 6,598 people missing since the fall of Srebrenica, through DNA analysis of human remains in mass graves.
The purpose of the festival was to create documentaries, music videos, narratives and shorts regarding subjects to raise the level of human consciousness on the earth.
In 1968 she edited Le droit d'être un homme, une anthologie mondiale de la liberté in French (translated in English in 1969 as Birthright of man: a selection of texts and also in Greek as Το δικαίωμα να είσαι άνθρωπος), an anthology of writings on human rights, republished in French in 1984 and 1990.
Human races can be and have been differently classified by different anthropologists, but at the present time most anthropologists agree on classifying the greater part of present-day mankind into three major divisions, as follows: The Mongoloid Division; The Negroid Division; The Caucasoid Division."
The most controversial process was in Khartoum State where there were concerns about the rights of non-Muslims and human rights generally.
Human remains discovered in the 1950s were subjected to forensic reconstruction, carbon dating, and radioisotype analysis, and it was concluded that they were those of a Roman woman of Sub-Saharan African origin who grew up in the Eastbourne area in about 200–250 CE.
This would work with human factors in developing an intellectual learning support system and applying an interdisciplinary methodology of training, helping the effective interaction between the person and the computer with the strengthening of critical thinking and intuition.
Dostoevsky's personal image of Christian faith, formed prior to his philosophical engagement with Orthodoxy but never abandoned, was one that emphasized the human need for belief in the immortality of the soul, and identified Christ with ideals of "beauty, truth, brotherhood and Russia".
"The human chain does not go beyond symbolic protest", criticized a spokesperson from Dresden Nazifrei.
 Kate McKinnon as Mary Winetoss, the human resources representative of Zenotek
Such a scenario, while being a lab leak, would also fit our first hypothesis of direct transmission of the virus from bat to human."
Human hunting and habitat modification have further isolated the subpopulations.
In 1995, the MHC became a member of the International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights until the IHF's dissolution in 2007.
However, human intake data is limited, and calculations from blood and tissue are not well supported.
Thus, ideals have been the topic of discussion and debate since the beginnings of organized human civilization.
 1972 – First human heart transplant in Missouri
This improvement is due to an increase in blood flow to the brain, allowing for the release of hormones as well as a decrease stress hormones in the body (e.g., cortisol, adrenaline) while also stimulating the human body's mood boosters and natural painkillers.
Personality trait structure as a human universal.
 Josh Kirby... Time Warrior: Chapter 2, the Human Pets – William of Dearborn
The film was screened at numerous festivals such as Milano Film Festival in Italy, Yamagata International Documentary Film Festival in Japan, and Human Right Dignity International Film Festival in Myanmar.
It aims to promote better human rights protection in Hong Kong.
Lewis was an ambassador for the 2020 MEN-tality project and Beyond Blue, raising awareness for mental health concerns amongst men alongside Rodger Corser, Human Nature, Alex Cubis and Lincoln Younes.
While direct contact would benefit a further linguistic capability it would also serve to extend studies in literature appreciation, art, human relations, and social and economic problems.
According to a 2017 report by Human Rights Watch on forced and child labour in the cotton sector of Uzbekistan, during his time as prime minister from 2003 to 2016 Mirziyoyev "oversaw the cotton production system, and as the previous governor of Jizzakh and Samarkand, he was in charge of two cotton-producing regions.
She was a member of B'tselem, an Israeli human rights NGO, acting as chairperson from 2001 to 2006, and has served as a B'tselem Board member since 1995.
He argues that although liberals too often stop short of genuine change, leaving valuable reforms in the lurch, radicals need to recognize the Millian element in liberalism, the defense of individual rights, group rights and human rights.
He traced the roots of members' alma mater back to before WWII, and he accused them that they are an establishment type who inherited the DNA of the Japanese Imperial Army, and that what they were doing to patients was not a treatment but a human experimentation.
The juxtamedullary nephrons comprise only about 15% of the nephrons in the human kidney.
From the perspective of engineering, it seeks to understand and automate tasks that the human visual system can do.
She has argued before the European Court of Human Rights.
On 1 January 2013, the Federal Law of 28 December 2012 №272-FZ "On Sanctions for Individuals Violating Fundamental Human Rights and Freedoms of the Citizens of the Russian Federation" (also known as Dima Yakovlev Law or Law of Scoundrels) entered into force.
The child will exclaim, "I have seen the acorn before the oak, but I never saw the likes of this," and vanish, only to be replaced by the original human child.
Other methods of conservation may include limiting or eliminating harvests of the run, protecting water quality or reducing water extraction for human consumption, and protecting the habitat.
One of the monuments that is known on a national scale is the "African Burial Ground Monument" which depicts some of the first continental human trafficking on a massive scale.
He is the father of Arjun Singh, the former Human Resource Development Minister in the Manmohan Singh government.
The law lords later ruled in A v Secretary of State for the Home Dept that such imprisonment was discriminatory and against the Human Rights Act.
Human figures ranged in size from small to life-size, and contained bilongo (singular longo; often translated as "medicine"), usually hidden by resin-fixed mirrors.
After most of the crew is beamed down to Starbase 11, Dr. McCoy uses a sensitive auditory device tied into the computer that can detect a human heartbeat aboard the ship, and masks out those of all known to remain aboard.
The chief prosecution witness was Paul Uhlenhuth, who testified as to his findings that, contrary to Tessnow's insistence the stains upon his clothing and boots were wood dye, all the garments were stained with human and animal blood.
It favored science and rationality and considered the Church an obstruction to human progress.
In 2011 HRU was founded by the CHCO Council, OPM, and with the assistance of the Executive Human Resources Community Leadership across the Federal Government.
While found only in the peripheral nervous system, a report does indicate that CB2 is expressed by a subpopulation of microglia in the human cerebellum.
 2012 Human Racing by Nik Kershaw (2-CD Deluxe Edition - Extra Tracks) (album)
RNA splicing is integral to eukaryotes and contributes significantly to protein regulation and diversity, occurring in >90% of human genes.
The normal three kinds of light-sensitive photoreceptor cells in the human eye (cone cells) respond most to yellow (long wavelength or L), green (medium or M), and violet (short or S) light (peak wavelengths near 570 nm, 540 nm and 440 nm, respectively).
The era of rapid global population increase, and concomitant concern about a population explosion, has been short compared with the span of human history.
In ancient China, martial artists had developed a psychoactive technique that allows its users to enter the subconsciousness of the human mind by manipulating their enemies' memories via their "Peak", where their most treasured memories are visible and their "Valley", where their most negative memories are suppressed.
Launched on 26 June 2018, the Centre works towards a world of sport that fully respects human rights by sharing knowledge, building capacity, and strengthening accountability of all actors through collective action and promotion of the Sporting Chance Principles.
The technique first applied to a single living cell signaled the advent of a new class of instruments which would eventually allow monitoring cellular structures and their biochemistry inside the human body, or to perform "biopsies" without needles or surgery.
Human Relations, 69, 2224-2249.
By about 10,000 BC human travelers used rough roads/pathways.
It is disclosed that Shinobu Sensui, Yusuke's predecessor as Underworld Detective, has recruited six other powerful beings to help him take over where Sakyo left off, opening a hole to the Demon Plane to cause genocide of the human race.
Speaking about this report, international developments have to be taken into account, for with the UN Charter being passed in 1945, the question of whether international human rights law could be applicable also on an inner-land basis became crucial in the United States.
Fragmentation of forest stands and agricultural encroachments have rendered wildlife particularly vulnerable to human pressure.
 Executive Order 13112 (1999) defines this term as an alien species whose introduction does or is likely to cause economic or environmental harm or harm to human health.
Everest—as opposed to social or institutional facts, dependent for their existence on human agreement.
They award grants to faculty and students within Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center schools of Health Professions, Medicine, Nursing, Pharmacy, and Biomedical Sciences; as well as Angelo State University College of Health and Human Services.
On the other hand, as much as many people rely on human waste as an agricultural fertilizer, if the waste is not properly treated, the use of night soil may promote the spread of infectious diseases.
The eleven-track album, Excavator, was released on 9 June 2015, and is described as a "pop-noir offering [that] unearth[s] the depths and idiosyncracies of the emotions contained within a human."
Evidence of human occupation at Dove Holes can be traced back to the Neolithic Period (late Stone Age) because of the existence of a henge, known locally as The Bull Ring, and an adjoining tumulus.
The National Council of Welfare (NCW) was a Canadian arm's length advisory body to the federal Minister of Human Resources and Skills Development on poverty and the realities of low-income Canadians.
Due to its involvement in human rights abuses, it was required within the framework of UN Peace Accords of December, 1996 that the Mobile Military Police be deactivated and demobilized.
A report commissioned by NASA calculated that the odds were 1 in 152 of debris hitting any human, and odds of 1 in 7 of debris hitting a city of 100,000 people or more.
In particular, it addresses the ways in which self-reflection, art, music, poetry, drama, language and imagery reveal the human condition.
During the dictatorship of General Augusto Pinochet, Parker supported ecumenical initiatives for human rights and a restoration of democracy in Chile.
They reveal themselves on the roof of the United Nations building in New York City, appearing human, but requiring special glasses to protect their eyes and having a distinctive resonance to their voices.
We are not saved by any human, neither Jamil nor Jesus.
Rebney replies by acknowledging that he takes some small degree of pride in how, for many people, he represents the human condition in the face of adversity.
How poverty and gender inequality weave across a human body - Lucinda Jolly Business Day.
A complete loss of UGP2 isoform 1 and isoform 2 in human embryonic stem cells prevented the formation of functional heart and blood cells in in vitro differentiation experiments.
In 1953, he improved the "twin" scintillation low-level gamma-ray crystal spectrometry method to detect and locate elements that are naturally radioactive in the human body.
The Bahrain Human Rights Society and 18 other civil society foundations condemned the "sudden brutal attack" and asked other international and Arab figures to condemn it.
He lived in Uganda throughout the dictatorship reign of Idi Amin – a time of tribulation in which he experienced human rights abuses he described as "a common practice in the bloody dictator’s regime."
Apart from its negative impact on human health, atmospheric fungi may be dangerous for plants as sources of infection.
His three notable novels are: Jew Girl Rehana Human Tales, Islam Is My Love.
How Much Fortune Can Do In Human Affairs, and in What Mode It May Be Opposed (Chapter 25)
As they near the surface of the planet they are attacked by more robot drones and crash, meeting up with the human survivors of the attacks.
A facial recognition system is a technology capable of matching a human face from a digital image or a video frame against a database of faces, typically employed to authenticate users through ID verification services, works by pinpointing and measuring facial features from a given image.
Cox argues that the skills can be viewed as a  "hierarchy of human talents", with raw physical effort as the lowest form of value creation, above this skilled labor and information entry to creative reasoning and emotional intelligence.
At least two other fairy tales have been ascribed to the mound, one of an immovable chest of treasure, the other of a fairy bride depositing gold for her human lover.
Figes wrote that he had "tried to present the revolution not as a march of abstract social forces and ideologies but as a human event of complicated individual tragedies".
 Michael Dorfman, Russian-Israeli essayist and human rights activist
Madrigal-Borloz also travels widely to meet with members of civil society to gather information for his thematic reports, and to assess the on-the-ground human rights situations of LGBT individuals and their advocates.
Twelve thousand years ago, human voices had defined the true nature of all things, yet the invention of text changed the status quo which created a "Logos World" between the realities of voice and the truth.
 "A human experiment in nerve division" (with H. Head) (Brain, XXXI., pp.
The most important of these are to find the five signs and beat the Destroyer to the computers controlling the weaponmachines in time to prevent a second Great White, and to free the beasts from human dominance.
An anxiotropic () agent is one that modifies anxiety, a human emotion that has homologous processes in animals.
Topics include material testing, fire modelling, detection and suppression, performance-based building design, building code, emergency evacuation and human behaviour, fire investigation, wildfire and fire risk analysis.
She previously served as head of human resources marketing at Google.
Boulding believed that in the absence of a committed effort to the right kind of social science research and understanding, the human species might well be doomed to extinction.
His other work includes filming conversations with physicists at Stanford Linear Accelerator Centre, which he describes as "making a diary of the transition in human culture" because he believes physics is arriving at another shifting point.
This isozyme is ubiquitously expressed in adult human tissues, including liver, brain, kidney, and spleen.
On November 20, 2015, Anderson was named the Opposition Critic for International Human Rights and Religious Freedom in the Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet.
 Heavy Gear is a military science-fiction universe where human worlds wage war against one another with mecha.
Companies that McCullagh has choreographed for include Footnote Dance, Douglas Wright Dance Company, The Royal New Zealand Ballet and her own company The Human Garden.
Bostrom and others argue that human extinction is probably the "default path" that society is currently taking, in the absence of substantial preparatory attention to AI safety.
This is widely interpreted by scholars, given the context of answer that follows, to reflect the extant belief that deities express themselves in human beings and creatures through sensory organs and capabilities.
Human Biology, 81, (5-6), 639-643.
Nephilim is a role-playing game about powerful elemental entities reincarnating into human beings.
These parasites take over human bodies and use their flesh to create weapons which they use to fight each other.
Curator Jo-Ann Conklin writes:A number of artists in the exhibition react to human treatment of animals and the environment.
A certain enormous buck nigger encountered in Haiti fixed my conception of blind, furious, unreasoning rage, as manifested in the human animal to the end of my days.
Beiser has conceived, performed and produced three multimedia concerts for Carnegie Hall: World To Come; Almost Human, a collaboration with visual artist Shirin Neshat and composer Eve Beglarian ; and Provenance, which forms the basis of her album of that name.
According to Empire magazine, the film addresses "depression, grief, and the human propensity for self-destruction".
The Committee suggested that Paisley's failure to register his visit to Sri Lanka occurred because he was conscious of the potential embarrassment that would be caused to him were it to become publicly known that he had accepted very expensive hospitality, for himself and his family, from a foreign government accused of serious human rights violations.
A typical 70 kg human contains 1.8 kg of nitrogen.
The existential concept of anxiety or angst as a response to the human condition also resonates with the Buddhist analysis of fear and despair.
According to the 2012 US Department of State Country Report on Human Rights Practices:
Kuzco drinks it and returns to his human form.
Human capital is a concept used by economists and social scientists to designate personal attributes considered useful in the production process.
Eternals, a race of godlike human beings also created by Jack Kirby
and Inada pointed out that "the comfort women system was a serious violation of women's human rights."
Tree sitting is a form of environmentalist civil disobedience in which a protester sits in a tree, usually on a small platform built for the purpose, to protect it from being cut down (speculating that loggers will not endanger human lives by cutting an occupied tree).
The Museum of Human Evolution opened here in 2010.
And the Dominion software was used in two of the counties and in every instance largely it was human error, a problem, but the software did not affect the vote counts.”
December 11: Resolution 35/122: Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Population of the Occupied Territories.
A year later, an annual report on the UAE's progress on human trafficking measures was issued and campaigns to raise public awareness of the issue are also planned.
Once he reaches the balcony the staff hide the rag doll and a human Celedón appears.
He also established the WSD HANDA Center for Human Rights and International Justice at Stanford University.
The artwork cost $15,000 and was described by Kelly as "a symbol of human involvement with the annual renewal of nature".
During  human evolution, the functions in this area resulted in its expansion relative to the rest of the brain.
The right to respect within the learning environment - Education must be provided in a way that is consistent with human rights, equal respect for culture, religion and language and free from all forms of violence.
In The Precursor Legacy, he accidentally turned Daxter from a human into an ottsel (a fictional hybrid of an otter and weasel) after accidentally bumping him into a reservoir of Dark Eco and sets out on a quest in attempts to undo the transformation.
The publisher Michael Joseph identifies that even within the stereotypes Wodehouse understood human nature, and therefore "shares with [Charles] Dickens and Charles Chaplin the ability to present the comic resistance of the individual against those superior forces to which we are all subject".
The ordinances state that each city and province must stay up to date ensuring human rights.
Sharada says that she also admires Shekar, but in a way a fellow human being is liked, but not love.
A taster is a person, by means of a human genotype, who is able to taste phenylthiocarbamide (PTC) and its derivative 6-n-propylthiouracil (PROP).
In this regard, it accepts the idea that Jesus is one of the masters, but separates the human Jesus [...] from the master Jesus."
The skull, specimen LACM 28741 at forty-five centimetres the length of an average human arm, bore pointed teeth attached to a long narrow snout.
Using a random turn from the human player results in an almost-perfect positive trend.
As with factory robots, human robotic operators, referred to by Built as "Robot Equipment Operators" (REOs), must still start the system’s initial operation before autonomous activities take control.
Assam continues to be one of the forefront states where the claims of human rights abuses have been committed by India.
Therefore, the goal of man's earthly existence is the perfection of the soul, which corresponds to the maintenance of honour (nape), manifestation of compassion (guschlegu), gratuitous help (psape), which, along with valour, and bravery of a warrior, enables the human soul to join the soul of the ancestors with a clear conscience (nape huzhkle).
Ishin-denshin, Japanese for sympathy (Some Japanese believe their country to uniquely possess this universal human trait)
Another instance dealt with human bones that had been found alongside railroad tracks.
He said portraying the character was delightful because he could explore human emotions a lot more than he had before in his career.
Michel Kilo (; 1940 – 19 April 2021) was a Syrian Christian writer and human rights activist, who has been called "one of Syria's leading opposition thinkers."
At this point in time, Australian anthropologist Raymond Dart had made the very first claim (quite controversially at the time) of an early ape-like human ancestor in 1924 from South Africa, Australopithecus africanus, based on the Taung child.
The Soyuz programme is an ongoing human spaceflight programme which was initiated by the Soviet Union in the early 1960s, originally part of a Moon landing project intended to put a Soviet cosmonaut on the Moon.
Among its collections are a room devoted to indigenous herbal medicine, various rooms devoted to old medical equipment and machines, a room about human development and a collection of wax figures used for the teaching of diseases and pathologies.
Another departure from previous films in the series was Othenin-Girard's attempt to persuade the audience to relate to the Michael Myers character, whom he intended to appear "more human [...] even vulnerable, with contradicting feelings inside of him."
As Director of European and Soviet Affairs in the Reagan Administration, she played a key role in the formulation of U.S. political and economic policies toward Poland, matters regarding the Conference on Security and Co-operation in Europe and Soviet human rights issues.
When comparing the capabilities of 5-FU and FdUMP in relation to human colon adenocarcinoma cells, it has been shown that both drugs can induce apoptosis, although their effect on the cell cycle progression is different.
They have a 500-year lifetime, they are human readable, and there is no expense or risk in converting from one digital format to the next when computer systems become obsolete.
He also serves as a member of  Amyotha Hluttaw Citizens' Fundamental Rights, the Democracy and Human Rights Committee.
The "Political Human Sacrifice" campaign, as they dubbed it, was not successful, since both Dreier and Baca were re-elected, albeit Dreier by a substantially smaller percentage than in past terms.
Allegedly summoned by the Human Order to assist Ritsuka Fujimaru in the English Lostbelt.
Past human occupation by Strandlopers is shown by shell middens of white mussels found along parts of the Skeleton Coast.
The party reappears in human form, preventing Fang from transforming.
"The Dark Continent" article describes human inhabitants as "dark-skinned with tightly curled hair, while its other races include pygmies and 'bushmen.'
Mitchell was appointed by baseball commissioner Bud Selig in the wake of controversy over the book Game of Shadows, which chronicles alleged extensive use of performance-enhancing drugs, including several different types of steroids and human growth hormones Bonds allegedly had taken.
It is currently unclear whether 21,000-year-old campfire remains found in the Valley of Mexico are the earliest human remains in Mexico.
Meanwhile, city assessment workers Sam Byers and Edward Sears are kidnapped by an elderly Kirk Langstrom, who is now a bearded Man-Bat capable of human speech.
They then rush to change Gaspar and Melisandre back to their human forms, find them decent clothes, and find a lawyer to stall the Manor's destruction.
 Study on human biology of the inhabitants of the adjoining area of Manirang pass of Spiti and Kinnaur districts, Himachal Pradesh
Apparently, she was looking forward to seeing a human (for reasons unknown), but is less than happy when Toriyasu shows up and begins to act like a jerk.
They agreed with the Union and the Human Rights Commission that TerraNova's workability claim was overstated.
60 Minutes episode "Unmasking the Truth" (aired August 2009) about human lie detectors who can unmask killers "tearfully pleading for help in finding a missing loved one.
She is a witch and resides in Halloweentown until Gwen offers to let her move to the human world and live with them at the end of the first movie.
 The Institutes for the Achievement of Human Potential
Ahead of the 2007–08 season, Chilaka had a successful trial with Hull City but decided to finish his university course studying Human Biology.
It is spread when an infected animal bites or scratches a human or other animals.
However, this method also presents some issues, primarily the lack of human in the loop reporting, leading to a higher occurrence of false positives.
When he saw a girl there, he begins to speak to her, but his words reveal that he had been freed from Spooky E's control – the synthetic human leaps out to erase him at this, but a microfilament wire saves him at the last second.
As G. McMurtrie Godley stated about the dreadful human cost: "We used the Meo (Hmong).
The author of many magazine and newspaper articles on topics of political and international interest, Ungar has spoken frequently around the United States and in other countries on issues of American foreign policy and domestic politics, free expression, human rights, and immigration.
In the final larval stage, "L3", the surviving grubs of larger species, such as Prosopocoilus giraffa, may be the size of a human finger.
One of the first model systems for molecular biology was the bacterium Escherichia coli, a common constituent of the human digestive system.
The president oversees the college's four divisions:  Natural Science, Engineering, Human and Social Science, and Physical Education.
In these applications, value judgments are often represented implicitly in task planning processes, or in human operator input.
ENTHD1 proteins are expressed in 26 human organs, with the highest expression in the testes.
Amnesty International expressed concern that the agreement would legitimize human rights abuses in the region.
Outside an infected Human Torch faces off with him.
This meant that instead of being raised in a nurturing and affectionate environment that many would argue is essential for human child development (and how Washoe was raised), Nim was raised in a controlled environment that lacked this component.
Majokko Tickle is notable for being the first magical girl series to feature a "double hero" (Tickle and her human "sister" Tiko, or a "lucky pair" as they are referred to during the series).
Interdisciplinary Research – Presented to Karl Kruszelnicki of The University of Sydney, Australia, for performing a comprehensive survey of human belly button fluff – who gets it, when, what color, and how much.
"The Human Abstract" by David Axelrod
It makes it possible to estimate the resource consumption and waste assimilation requirements of a defined human population or economy sector in terms of corresponding productive land area."
Everywhere the same laws of human behaviour apply.
Of the annual global production of around two hundred million tonnes of salt, about 6% is used for human consumption.
There is various theories as to why Central America, in particular, has seen increase cases of human trafficking.
When his older brother, Robert,  wasn't using Fred as a human punching bag, the brother wanted nothing to do with him.
Undercover in Ghana’s biggest psychiatric hospital Anas exposed patient human rights abuses.
Halo 2s series contains both a human combat form and infection form (bundled with the Master Chief), which were released after the video game.
The appearance of the CNI was connected to the failure of the state of Mexico to implement the San Andrés Accords and a call by the EZLN to participate in a nationwide forum to find a common answer to questions of human rights and indigenous culture.
To begin with, the state would take complete control of human sexuality.
 profile at the University of Iowa, Interdisciplinary Graduate Program in Human Toxicology 
Just as Jane Goodall studied chimpanzee social and family life by careful observation of chimpanzee behavior in the field, psychologists conduct naturalistic observation of ongoing human social, professional, and family life.
He appealed against this measure as a breach of his human rights, which was rejected in 2011 and in 2014 but upheld in October 2015 by the UK Supreme Court.
In September 2013 she released Secretprojectrevolution, a short film she directed with Steven Klein, dealing with artistic freedom and human rights.
As the child of a gravekeeper and a human, Ai is arguably the last child born in the world, where ordinary children stopped being conceived three years before her birth.
In some areas, oases formed in the desert and human settlement began.
They are on a mission to identify and eliminate parasitic butterfly-like creatures who have taken over human bodies around the world.
He also campaigned for the human rights of women, of Hindus, Christians, and liberal, secular Muslims.
He regularly received detailed reports of the human experimentation carried out by Helmuth Vetter, who purchased most of his subjects from the concentration camps.
Volume 5: Critical Theory to Structuralism: Philosophy, Politics, and the Human Sciences, New York: Routledge 2014.
To support the journalist, international human rights organizations made statements to recognize him as a political prisoner.
Kings were revered as gods in human form.
Nomadic peoples and human rights.
Torchwood explores various themes in its narrative, including issues around existentialism, the nature of human life and the absence of a traditional afterlife, and the corrupting nature of power.
The significant efforts made to diversify the educational offer have been corroborated with those for the development of the material base, the institutional infrastructure and the human resource, in order to ensure competitive and qualitative conditions, related to the requirement of European standards.
The human head typically weighs between   The face is the anterior part of the head, containing the eyes, nose, and mouth.
It is centered on the Irish and Orcadian folklores of selkies—seals that can shed their skins to become human.
Mudede has been accused by international human rights organizations of falsifying voting records to ensure Mugabe remains in power.
In 1913, comparison of specimens from human, dog, cat and lion infections in India led to the conclusion that they were definitely identical.
In a letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson, Grassley questioned the NIH's uses of taxpayer money, saying it was unacceptable for the NIH to "come rattling a tin cup asking for more money" when it was forcing taxpayers to "pay for full-time novelists."
Arab-West Report (English – Arabic) and the National Council for Human Rights each sent a delegation to the region to investigate the tensions.
Trigon can take on a human form to deceive others.
The Women's Human Rights Campaign (WHRC) was founded in 2019 by a group of women including Maureen O'Hara, Sheila Jeffreys and Heather Brunskell-Evans.
Habermas suggested that genetic human enhancements would create asymmetric relationships that endanger democracy, which is premised on the idea of moral equality.
He was awarded the title of shortest adult human ever recorded after his height was measured in February 2012.
Tam also has two higher education degrees in Portuguese language and culture from the Lisbon University Institute and human resource management and strategic management from the Catholic University of Portugal.
Some arguments in evolutionary psychology are derived from his research results; Nim Chimpsky, a chimpanzee who was the subject of a study in animal language acquisition at Columbia University, was named after Chomsky in reference to his view of language acquisition as a uniquely human ability.
Various human rights organizations stated that they believed the charges against him and his co-defendants to be politically motivated, and Amnesty International designated Askarov a prisoner of conscience.
Meanwhile, Tucker transforms into a sheep, but the scientist administers an injection of amniotic fluid from one of the mutant lambs which transforms him back to human.
The human beta-signal sequence receptor gene (SSR2) maps to chromosome bands 1q21-q23.
Returning home one night, he sees two citizens detained by officials and is reminded of a purported epidemic of Switched-On Syndrome (SOS), a multi-stage "disease" that restores human emotions.
 Part I, Essay XI, OF THE DIGNITY OR MEANNESS OF HUMAN NATURE
Particularly, they have been researching human biology and have been pestering men and women of the Coalition military about their ethics and the application of their skills and knowledge.
It performs various autonomous logistics maneuvers in austere/harsh off-road environments, without dependence on a human operator or on GPS.
Schema des Faserverlaufes im menschlichen Gehirn und Rückenmark, 1884 – Schema involving the fiber path in the human brain and spinal cord.
The architects, viewing architecture as too removed from human needs, emphasized function and sought to drastically diminish decoration.
Following graduation from the university in 1992, he worked as the head of a department at the Committee of Human Rights and National Minorities.
[He is] an absolute disgrace of a human being.
As a result, the areas became obsolete with no human settlements.
 Charlie Grant (activist) (1902–1980), Canadian human rights activist
These events were co-hosted with the human FIDE 37th Chess Olympiad.
The website's critics consensus reads: "Time is an essential character in Jacques Rivette's Out 1, Noli Me Tangere, a brilliant 13-hour study of human relationships and an exploration of how a generation's dreams and ideals slowly fade as life goes ruthlessly by."
The American exhibit was sponsored by the American Breeders' Association and demonstrated the incidence of hereditary defects in human pedigrees.
2016–present: Single releases, television work, Godzilla and Human
When she lost to Sylvia Rwabwo, she remained unemployed until she was appointed as the Commissioner at the Uganda Human Rights Commission.
They denounced him as Abolitionist, because he was in favor of human liberty for all.
Gold received a leave of absence from SIUC in 1984 to serve as director of the School Health Initiative of the US Department of Health and Human Services.
His work explores existential and epistemological themes such as subjective experience, materialism, distortion of memory, human morality, the nature of time, causality, and the construction of personal identity.
However, Fairy Godmother, from whom Shrek steals the potion, tricks Fiona into believing Charming is Shrek's human form.
However, while the mimicry of human noises is widely reported, the extent to which it happens is exaggerated and the phenomenon is unusual.
The AIIDE Starcraft AI Competition is about a game playing agent, who has to win against a human player.
It is located on the human chromosome 4 at 4q35.1.
The MORT transcript is produced in all mortal cell types, but is lost in a large fraction of the most common human cancers and therefore might have a tumor suppressive function.
HRW stated that "some abusive employers exploit the kafala system and force domestic workers to continue working against their will and forbid them from returning to their countries of origin" and that this is "incompatible with Article 13 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights".
Alimentary toxic aleukia almost always refers to the human condition associated with presence of T2 Toxin.
According to an 1871 agricultural census, more than  of fieldstone walls were constructed throughout the region, representing 40 million days of human labor.
The United Systems Military hopes to breed Aliens to study and research on the spaceship USM Auriga, using human hosts abducted and delivered to them by a group of mercenaries.
 Epidermis (skin), the outermost layer of the skin of a human or other vertebrate animal
Being a public figure, they help in mobilizing the necessary support to improve the lives of children and ensure their basic human rights
International policies also often address human capital flight, which is the loss of talented or trained persons from a country that invested in them, to another country which benefits from their arrival without investing in them.
Siamese crocodiles are under threat from human disturbance and habitat occupation, which is forcing remaining populations to the edges of their former range.
Many of the migrants originated from Angola and were attempting to seek asylum in the United States and escape poverty and human rights abuses in Angola.
Low made many significant contributions to early human spaceflight, including setting NASA long range plans, testifying before Congress, speaking to the media, and presenting at industry conferences.
The French philosopher Albert Camus asserts that the absurdity of the human condition is that people search for external values and meaning in a world which has none and is indifferent to them.
The luminance perception of the human retina uses M and L cone cells combined, during daylight vision, which are most sensitive to green light.
In economics, money illusion, or price illusion, is the name for the human cognitive bias to think of money in nominal, rather than real, terms.
This is the first appearance of human speech in the movie.
Malfunction of nucleoli can be the cause of several human conditions called "nucleolopathies" and the nucleolus is being investigated as a target for cancer chemotherapy.
DeKosky’s basic research has centered on structural and neurochemical changes in human brain in aging and dementia, and the effects of traumatic brain injury (TBI).
The Captain received his orders from "The Commissioner of Public Safety" (surname Carey), whose responsibilities took in the entire solar system as well as human colonies on planets around other stars.
The UK imposes a new package of trade, financial and aviation sanctions on Belarus, in response to continued human rights violations and the undermining of democracy by the Lukashenko regime.
Those new cartoons featured the character's name as Screwballnever Screwyand pitted him not against Meathead but against a pair of typical Hanna-Barbera authority figures, a human park attendant named Dweeble and his oafish dog Rumply.
Dui Hua's Digest also features the series John Kamm Remembers,  where Executive Director John Kamm shares stories from his human rights activism on behalf of political prisoners prior to and since Dui Hua's establishment in 1999.
When writing an article about family capitalism, Aymeric Dewimille wrote: “Loyally supported by his son Rodolphe, now Executive Officer in the Group, and his daughter Tanya, head of communications and on the Board of Directors, Jacques Saadé is totally committed to human values that traditionally underpin the governance of family-run companies...
An ongoing clinical trial is evaluating Zinc finger nucleases that disrupt the CCR5 gene in CD4+ human T-cells as a potential treatment for HIV/AIDS.
Some international requirements require boat patrols by transit countries such as Morocco, which is of doubtful compliance with international human rights law.
On September 24, 2014, the DPRK Permanent Representative Department to the United Nations issued a communique refuting the DPRK human rights report, including the "full text of the Shin Dong-hyuk information (신동혁 자료전문)."
The EBA does not optimally respond to objects or parts of objects but to human bodies and body parts, a hand for example.
Furthermore, the European Convention on Human Rights and European Social Charter, as well as the source of law for the Charter of Fundamental Rights are created by the Council of Europe.
Occasionally, this ignites a discussion of human rights and the morality of the death penalty, such as in the case of Prabu Pathmanathan.
He is believed to be the founder of the Nath Sampradaya and it is stated that the nine Naths and 84 Siddhas are all human forms created as yogic manifestations to spread the message of yoga and meditation to the world.
Jan Pieterse suggested that cultural globalization involves human integration and hybridization, arguing that it is possible to detect cultural mixing across continents and regions going back many centuries.
UNHCR contributes technical and worldwide expertise to the Cypriot Government in the processing of individual examination of applications for asylum, with the aim to ensure that the decisions are in accordance with international human rights standards.
 Debina Bonnerjee as Sabrina "Vishaili" Kothari– a Vishkanya disguised as a human
In April 2005, Watkins took the Nine Network to the Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission, following a maternity leave dispute in which Watkins was reported to be "unhappy with the work she was assigned when she returned from maternity leave after giving birth to her third child."
"Highly efficient neural conversion of human ES and iPS cells by dual inhibition of SMAD signaling."
Therefore, there are different subfamilies of this enzyme, such as the Human Alkyladenine DNA Glycosylase (hAAG), that act on other damaged DNA bases apart from 3-MeA
Three months after the breakup of Bamboo, Azarcon, Cruz and Mercado reunited to form the band "Hijo" [pronounced as ee'-ho] (a Spanish word that pertains to a male human offspring or a son).
Whether an effective picture of past human activity on a site can be truly estimated through this methods is widely debated.
Return of the Living Dead featured zombies that hungered specifically for human brains.
The most prevalent existence of internal human trafficking for labor occurs in Benue (16.4%), Akwa Ibom (13.2%), Kogi (9.5%), Kano (4.1%), Jigawa (4.1%), Borno (3.6%), Edo (3.6), Kaduna (3.6%), Kwara (3.6%) and Niger (3.6%) states.
Here,  symbolically stands for the (sun in) heaven,  stands for the (flat) earth, and  stands for an (upright) human.
Always precise in his details, the writer lends both human female and animal features to his heroine.
The Mission was established by Resolution S-9/1 of the United Nations Human Rights Council.
He began by studying the way in which human intellectual, moral, and personality traits tended to run in families.
California Proposition 6 (1998) - PASSED Felony to kill a horse, donkey or mule for human consumption.
 Human resources management, staff policies,
His research interests lay predominantly in the 17th century, on such topics as the history of philosophy and theories of science - with a specific interest in the writings of René Descartes, as well as contemporary church/state relations, human rights, and nationalism.
This action figure could be posed into the lotus position and any other position that the human body was capable of (and several it was not capable of).
In summary, "He never integrated into a wild pod ... and could not break his need for human contact."
Yehiel Grenimann (formerly John Green of Melbourne),Masorti (Conservative), Jerusalem, author, human rights activist
She served on the working group that helped to draft guidelines—adopted by the Commission on Human Rights in December 2004—for implementation of the new statute.
Another approach is to focus not on the grand extreme cases but on the ordinary small-scale manifestations of human flaws, as in lying, cheating, breaking promises or being ungrateful.
panpsychism in that it only ascribes consciousness to things with some degree of irreducible cause-effect power, which could include the internet "Thus, its sheer number of components exceeds that of any one human brain.
It is unclear whether he is a Thanagarian (like Katar Hol) or a human (like Carter Hall).
Both the Council of Europe and the European Union increasingly work together, notably to enforce the Council of Europe's European Convention on Human Rights.
Three commonalities all Inga Horrors share is a preference of hunting at night, their blood marking someone for death as Horrors will have an increased desirability for the afflicted, and speaking in the Makai language which can be understood by someone well-versed in the language or a potential host, usually adopting a human language upon possession.
HRIC links individual advocacy with systemic and policy interventions addressing human rights, technology, legal and administrative reform issues.
Medicine murder (not to be confused with "medical murder") refers to the killing of a human being in order to excise body parts to use as medicine or purposes in witchcraft.
In 2019 Hassan took on the chair of the Social Forum of the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva.
At the exact moment of her death, the deer becomes human again, and at long last the family is reunited, and they lived happily ever after.
In accordance with Articles 7 - 11 of the Convention the Parties undertake an obligation to take measures to prevent, reduce and control pollution from the land-based sources, seabed activities, vessels, as well as pollution from other human activities including land reclamation and associated coastal dredging and construction of dams.
The Eye had the ability to fly, appear and disappear, melt solid steel and bring invisible forces to bear, but had to work with human agents to fight crime.
The mandate of the PCGG received international support when the 44th Session of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights in early 1988 called on UN Member Nations to help in the recovery of funds stolen by the leaders of Haiti and the Philippines.
It merely means that a human being can be an object of his own action...he acts towards himself and guides himself in his actions towards others on the basis of the kind of object he is to himself."
Based on the pottery found it was settled as early as the Early Bronze Age and human presence is noted in every period until modern times.
A new android version of the Zodiac later appeared, led by Scorpio in a new android body, massacred the human Zodiac, and took over their criminal operations.
Scientists report that shark and ray populations have fallen by 71% since 1970 as a result of human actions, primarily overfishing.
Toichi could understand human speak, and always ran along with Musashi for exercise during his childhood.
Pamaquine is effective against the hypnozoites of the relapsing malarias (P. vivax and P. ovale''); and unlike primaquine, it is also very effective against the erythrocytic stages of all four human malarias.
These haltijas could be male or female, and could take a human or another animal's form.
Is France, America, Italy, devoted to an unselfish and human peace?
The original observation that, in a seated audience, interest is associated with diminished fidgeting, and that boredom doubles the amount of human movement, was made by Francis Galton in 1885.
This is a specific verbal prefix marking for logophoricity that is separate from the other verbal prefixes that Akɔɔse uses to indicate person and number for human subjects.
In 1983, former military officers began to reveal information about some of the regime's human rights violations.
Human sexuality and the Holocaust is a topic explored in witness testimony, fiction, and academic research.
. .'"Herbert Walker, a soldier serving in the punitive expedition, believed that the human sacrifices he saw were an attempt by Benin City residents to appease the Gods as they tried to defend themselves from the expedition.
East Timor is considered a leader on human rights including LGBT rights in Southeast Asia, although no legal protections for LGBT citizens have been enacted into law yet.
Their first two albums, The Human Tragedy (2004) and Being and Becoming (2005) were both recorded by Neil McNaught at the Split Level Studios in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Commander of a Defense Human Intelligence (HUMINT) Service base in Bosnia.
The ruggedness of the area tends to ensure its isolation from human activity.
Successful Strategic Human Resource Planning, with Allan Bandt
In 2009 North Korea announced several future space projects, including human space flights and the development of a crewed, partially reusable launch vehicle.
Several reviewers invoked comparisons to The Double Helix by James D. Watson, which chronicled the human side of scientific research, with a review in The Journal of the American Medical Association calling it the better of the two, although on a subject of lesser importance.
By then, there are two members of Congress in the council, with both having voting rights: the chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on Justice and the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Justice and Human Rights.
In the 2010s, Siegel has concentrated on hand-built ceramic busts that explore human interiority.
Communists converted the toddy tappers from slaves of brutal contractors to modern-day human beings and these workers became the leaders of society.
Earlier he was senior investigator, director of the Pediatric Endocrinology Section and Training Program, and chief of the Pediatric and Reproductive Endocrinology Branch of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD), National Institutes of Health (NIH).
Werner enters and accuses Ray of having seen a human skull in the basement furnace, revealing that the Klopeks murdered the previous homeowners so they could live in their house.
A 2021 study that examined over 11,000 papers from 1949 to 2018 in The American Journal of Human Genetics, found that "race" was used in only 5% of papers published in the last decade, down from 22% in the first.
Arabization and Translation of terms in the Human Sciences (forthcoming).
Japanese social structures consistently remould human associations in terms of an archaic  characterized by , , and .
No human being walks because of the wild goats, vermin, snakes, and mountain scorpions,
They often mix in their own indecipherable language when communicating with the player, and many of them have no interest in maintaining contact with the human world.
A. vexans exhibited significantly higher transmission rates of Zika virus than A. aegypti, and its wide geographic distribution, periodic extreme abundance, and aggressive human biting behavior increase its potential to serve as a Zika virus vector in northern latitudes outside the range of the primary vectors A. aegypti and A. albopictus.
The AeroVelo Atlas, which won the Igor I. Sikorsky Human Powered Helicopter Competition in 2013, was developed by the university's team of students and graduates and was tested in Vaughan.
It was in Cambridge that Cohen first successfully froze and thawed a human blastocyst for use in IVF.
In Latvia Human Development Report 2008/2009: Accountability and Responsibility, ed.
Bandler and Grinder claimed that in addition to being a therapeutic method, NLP was also a study of communication and began marketing it as a business tool, claiming that, "if any human being can do anything, so can you."
When the school is temporarily closed because of damage, Tsukune returns home to the human world only to have Moka, Kurumu, Yukari, and Mizore follow him and hide in his room.
Several journalists and politicians, and former European Court of Human Rights judge and Constitutional Court judge Bostjan M. Zupančič, stated that Accetto should resign.
It was also discovered that while typically women are found within human resources or legal departments, in female-led companies it became less likely due to the fact that female CEOs were supporting their female executives branching out into more influential roles within the company.
Although Krillin is unable to wish for her to be turned into a human, he is able to have her self-destruct device removed.
A storyline in the Avengers that dealt with the secret background of its android member, the Vision revealed that the Torch's body had been found by a renegade robot named Ultron 5, and modified to become the Vision, his mind wiped of past memories and his powers altered with the coerced help of the Human Torch's original creator, Phineas Horton.
I don't know, but if God commands to say something then I'd say that our ideology is human rights and citizens' action."
The specification increased the speed of the bi-directional data channel from 1 Mbit/s to 75 Mbit/s to enable concurrent 4K video and human interface device (HID) support, such as mice, keyboards, touchscreens, and game controllers.
According to The Moscow Times, Russia tried to intimidate and silence human rights workers reporting Russian soldiers' deaths in the conflict.
It made possible high-speed sequencing of the structure of DNA, including the human genome.
He originally conceived Being Human as a non-fantasy drama about three flatmates struggling to cope with various inconvenient conditions (addiction, long-term illness and psychological problems) before realising that it would be more entertaining if adapted to a fantasy setting.
 Represent a world of its own, complete in thought—with all phases of nature represented in the service of human thoughts — the yin and yang
He is equipped with a breathing apparatus fueled by oxygen cubes (as Venus' atmosphere cannot sustain human life) and has a leather protective suit, as well as a "flame pistol" to use against lizardmen.
 Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition
B'nai B'rith is an international not-for-profit Jewish community services organisation that supports human rights and anti-discrimination and has a branch in New Zealand.
The country still has high levels of poverty despite a growing economy because it continues to lack investing in human capital.
In this site, the tomb of Tutankhamun's wet nurse Maia was discovered in 1996, which contained cat mummies next to human mummies.
In Italy, a new technopole called Human Technopole and specialized in life sciences is under development in Milan.
Dorsen has collaborated with computer programmers to produce "algorithmic theater" in which custom algorithms process source material to generate live scripts and scores that are performed by chatbots and human actors.
Human rights and crusade against corruption
Although both human sacrifices are banned and criminal, sporadic incidents occur.
He elaborated further in an interview in early 2009, saying that Terminal World was a steampunk-influenced novel about "the last human city, a vast vertical structure called Spearpoint", a city divided into several semi-autonomous "zones" of differing technological levels.
On December 6, Philip Alston, the UN’s special rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights, said Jiang’s disappearance was in reprisal for his cooperation with the UN during Alston's visit to China.
Nancy Etcoff, author of Survival of the Prettiest, argues that human preference for attractiveness is rooted in evolutionary instinct and that trying to prevent it from influencing people would be "telling them to stop enjoying food or sex or novelty or love" and thus argues that "being beautiful and being prized for it is not a social evil."
This sculpture constructed of honeycomb aluminum and contains two figures: Pegasus connected to abstracted flying human figure  with streaks of neon lighting and argon tubing.
Moore wrote a number of books an articles on religion including Believing in God (1988) and a number of works on human sexuality including The Body in Context: Sex and Catholicism (1992).
The film shows the ground reality of Human Animal Conflict from loss of property and life to social disruptions.
He called it that because of its insistence that God could influence human beings only through material objects or through revealed words.
Zerbanoo Gifford (born 1950): human rights campaigner
List of regions of Guinea-Bissau by Human Development Index
The theory of sexual scripting brings sociological, cultural, anthropological, historical and social psychological tools to the study of human sexualities.
All the slain journalists were investigating controversial issues within Honduran society, including corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses.
 langage, which primarily refers to language as a general phenomenon, or to the human ability to have language.
Psyche is a human from the Mortal Realm.
His textbook, Elementary Physical Geography (1902), includes a chapter entitled "Geographical Aid in Human Progress", in which Davis details how the physical geography of landscapes influences "the progress of man from the savage toward the civilized state".
Wyatt later helped the Human Torch battle Texas Twister.
Gabon has several laws regarding forms of human trafficking.
The band released an international 7" split on their own label (Suicide Circle) in 2008 with The Crack Babies (Sweden), The Undertakers (Belgium) and Human Battle (Greece).
Joanne Mariner, Director of Human Rights Watch, criticized Afghanistan officials for transferring Ahmed to National Directorate of Security due to its reputation for using torture as an interrogation tool.
The organization makes continuous efforts towards strengthening democracy, supporting the active civil society, contributing to the economic development and advancing human rights in Artsakh.
Western diplomats, including British Ambassador to Russia Anthony Brenton, U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor Barry Lowenkron, and U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs Daniel Fried, were attending the conference.
In: Human computer Interaction, 2001 Vol 16(2-4), pp.
Blastocystis is one of the most common human parasites in the world and has a global distribution.
Issues in Human Sexuality para.
Walking with Cavemen is a four-part television documentary series about human evolution produced by the BBC Natural History Unit in the United Kingdom.
The Milkman of Human Kindness
Co-administration of quinidine, a potent CYP2D6 enzyme inhibitor, with tramadol, a combination which results in markedly reduced levels of desmetramadol, was found not to significantly affect the analgesic effects of tramadol in human volunteers.
In 2001 Mary Robinson, then United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, and Vaclav Havel, then President of the Czech Republic, established the "Rudy Vrba Award" for films in the "right to know" category about unknown heroes.
Also, many critics believe it might break down the barriers between life and non-life through nanobiotechnology, redefining even what it means to be human.
In his contributions to date he has emphasised issues such as opposition to abortion, protections for the victims of human trafficking, support for improved end-of-life care in hospitals, maintaining Ireland's commitment to Overseas Development Aid, and social welfare protection for the economically vulnerable.
Two of his best-known pieces of the mid 1970s, Mozart's Moog and Fear Elites, used music-box mechanisms to raise questions about the role of the human performer in an era of increasingly automated and synthetic forms of music production.
The distinctive feature of Fireflies works is the creation of maximally realistic characters in shade by means of the plastic arts of human body.
He has coined several resonant phrases about democracy support efforts and the parlous state of human rights in the world.
For HHV-6, latency is believed to occur exclusively through the integration of viral telomeric repeats into human subtelomeric regions.
In the VI-SPADT (Vulnerability Index and Service Prioritization Decision Assistance tool) initiated by the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services (MDHHS) alongside the Michigan State Housing Development Authority (MSHDA) it was found that 2,462 individuals had 4,564 interactions with the police between June 2014 and April 2015.
The actually varied, complex, and creative field of human consciousness, culture, and capacity is reduced to the dry abstraction of structural determination.
The lower extremity of femur (or distal extremity) is the lower end of the femur (thigh bone) in human and other animals, closer to the knee.
The statue sat on top of a granite memorial stone, 7 ft 6 in (2.29 m) tall, that housed a drinking fountain for human beings and a lower trough for dogs and horses.
(Qur'an 56:75–76) which proponents claim demonstrates the Quran's knowledge of the existence of black holes; "[I swear by] the Moon in her fullness; that ye shall journey on from stage to stage" (Q84:18–19) refers, according to proponents, to human flight into outer space.
Smith worked for Phoenix Union High School, served as director of Eastlake Park, and eventually became assistant vice president of human resources at the Arizona Bank.
 Optic or acoustic radiations, signal pathway structures of human brain white matter in the visual and auditory systems
In March 2014, 200 allegedly Uyghur people who had fled China due to the ongoing Xinjiang conflict, were also freed by Thai police from a human trafficking camp.
Scissor car jacks usually use mechanical advantage to allow a human to lift a vehicle by manual force alone.
 The removal, retention and use of human organs and tissue from post-mortem examination (2001)
For the animator, this trouble is compounded by the fact that they must create the sense of emotion in an inanimate object, imbuing something nonliving with the subtle signs of human emotion."
In 2014, now defunct Pivot launched Human Resources, a reality TV series providing a behind-the-scenes look at day-to-day operations at TerraCycle's headquarters.
Navalny 35 (also known as the Navalny's List) are a group of Russian human rights abusers, kleptocrats and corruptioners involved in poisoning and imprisonment of Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny.
The Committee for the Defence of Human Rights was formed following Janša's arrest, which became the largest grassroots civil society organization in Slovenia, gaining over 100,000 members within weeks.
Gaw was originally the beast that the Skull Islanders appeased with human sacrifices instead of Kong.
Human infection usually results from flea feces coming into contact with scratched or broken skin.
On 1 July 2011, Centrelink, together with Medicare Australia, was integrated into the Department of Human Services as a result of the , with the department retaining the brand name as part of its set of master programs.
It's powers include spawning Fushigi Song Flowers that make people violent, teleportation, a human disguise, high jumping, a spear, size changing, mouth sparks and mist, summoning an entrapping flower, and dividing into three spearmen.
IGFRI, a national institute under the administrative control of Indian Council of Agricultural Research, is mandated to conduct Basic, strategic and adaptive research on improvement, production and utilization of fodder crops and grasslands; Coordination of research on forages and grasslands for enhancing productivity and quality for enhancing livestock productivity; Technology dissemination and human resource development.
When Timerman attended a hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee pertaining to Lefever, his presence brought additional attention to the issue of human rights in Argentina.
In Baha'i belief, although human cultures and religions differ on their conceptions of God and his nature, the different references to God nevertheless refer to one and the same Being.
Human perception of brightness is not linear - we do not necessarily consider that a gray value of 0.5 is halfway between black and white.
Statistical analyses led to the recognition of creativity (as measured) as a separate aspect of human cognition to IQ-type intelligence, into which it had previously been subsumed.
Most notably, David Cope has written a software system called "Experiments in Musical Intelligence" (or "EMI") that is capable of analyzing and generalizing from existing music by a human composer to generate novel musical compositions in the same style.
Susan Ann Sulley, musician and member of synth-pop band The Human League.
The UCLG Committee on Social Inclusion, Participatory Democracy and Human Rights is one of the four Committees of the United Cities and Local Governments.
Lacking the military background, and the associated questionable human rights record, of so many of the country's past and present politicians, Taniwal was considered an effective and honest administrator before his death.
Her television appearances include Any Human Heart, Ultimate Force, The Ruth Rendell Mysteries, The Bill, EastEnders, Doctors and New Tricks.
 Timea Nagy (born 1978), Hungarian Canadian activist against human trafficking
In Hermeneutics, Scriptural Politics, and Human Rights.
Deposits of human occupation contain numerous bones and stone tools, rounded out of size-exogenous pebbles and abundant charcoal detritus which is related to fireplaces.
With the courts martial for the My Lai Massacre making front page news, and the recent disclosure by members of the Central Intelligence Agency's Phoenix Program of its record of human rights violations in Vietnam, the VVAW was determined to expose a broad pattern of war crimes in Vietnam.
 Death zone (originally the lethal zone), altitudes above a certain point where the amount of oxygen is insufficient to sustain human life for an extended time span
rujum; Hebrew: rogem) can also refer to a tumulus, a heap of stones underneath which human burial space was located.
He subsequently recorded an interview with infectious disease expert Anthony Fauci as part of an advertising campaign by the Department of Health and Human Services to "defeat despair" surrounding COVID-19.
This was the largest and bloodiest exodus in human history, with 4 million dead.
Switzerland's foreign minister Ignazio Cassis noted in a local newspaper interview that human rights violations are on the rise in China, and that China's recent policies on Hong Kong would affect many Swiss companies that have long invested in Hong Kong.
Stringer observes that: "this discovery provides clear evidence that Neanderthals had fully human capabilities in the planning and the construction of 'stone' structures".
Referring to Cotton's work at Maiden Castle with Tessa and Mortimer Wheeler, archaeologist Jacquetta Hawkes described her as "perhaps the most fully mature human being in the Wheeler's archaeological circle."
At the end of Rebellion, Ultimate Madoka was usurped by Homura and had her human and goddess selves split, with her role as a martyr being forced onto the Incubators.
It was common workshop practice to have plaster casts of parts of the human anatomy available for students to study and draw.
The Institute for Cultural Research (ICR) was a London-based, UK-registered educational charity, events organizer and publisher which aimed to stimulate study, debate, education and research into all aspects of human thought, behaviour and culture.
In contrast with the common law approach, consider the case of Luciano Ferrari-Bravo v. Italy the European Court of Human Rights ruled that "detention is intended to facilitate … the preliminary investigation".
When in Naples, Italy, the appalling conditions of their day-to-day living, the hard labor, but also the basic human frailties, strengths, loves and hates, are also shown.
", was released independently as a private venture by Nukove, a small independent label especially set up to release Human League material, but it did not have funds for promotion and the single did not chart.
In addition to her cricketing career, she has also worked as an human resource assistant for clothing firm Slimline.
They support vulnerable migrants, such as victims of human trafficking
Under several programs, such as COSIP (College Science Improvement Program) and COHSSIP (College Human and Social Science Improvement Program), Ruia has successfully implemented several innovative and experimental academic programs that won wide acclaim.
Based on 16S rRNA sequence P. profundum is closely related to the genus Vibrio, the most prominent species being the human pathogen Vibrio cholerae.
Radical Evolution: The promise and peril of enhancing our minds, our bodies – and what it means to be human.
Aron was critical of Marxism in that he saw it as reneging on some of the basic advances made by human civilisations, such as the freedom of enquiry, freedom of controversy, freedom of criticism, and the vote.
She compares the character with Mephistopheles, because a human needs to wager his soul with the Mistress in order to get the ultimate knowledge.
The human nature of Jesus Christ
In 1977 Alexandra received a degree in Human Ecology from College of the Atlantic.
Delegations then discussed recent economic and social developments in Indonesia, reviewed external assistance requirements for the fiscal year 1991/92, and discussed the special topic of the meeting ("Physical Infrastructure and Human Resource Development").
They were particularly concerned with the different impact on human behavior as economic agents.
January 9 - Saudi Arabia sentences a human rights blogger to ten years imprisonment and 1,000 lashes after being found guilty of insulting Islam.
The University invested him with the honorary doctorate in recognition of his contribution to the renewal of the Church following the indications of the Second Vatican Council, underlining the fruits of the Neocatechumenal Way in the evangelization and in defending the values of human dignity and Christian family.
The champion there was Martin Franz who used a Human deck with the agenda “A Rising Power”.
Similarly human life requires a range of vitamins to be present in food and if these are missing or are supplied at unacceptable low levels, metabolic disorders result which can end in death.
However, other versions claim he emerged throughout human history and attempted to stop the spread of democracy, and is apparently the basis for the Bogeyman and other mythical monsters.
The combination of natural conditions and human ingenuity turned the castle into a fortress unassailable by medieval warriors.
Having met a set of stringent economic, governance and human rights criteria, Madagascar became the first country to benefit from the Millennium Challenge Account in 2005.
He believed that the most urgent task for the educated elite in China was to raise the cultural awareness and sensitivity of the people that the clash between the West and China was not solely a clash of economic strength and military might, but also a conflict between basic human values.
AI pioneer Joseph Weizenbaum criticizes what he sees as misanthropic tendencies in the language and ideas of some of his colleagues, in particular Marvin Minsky and Hans Moravec, which, by devaluing the human organism per se, promotes a discourse that enables divisive and undemocratic social policies.
Large objects exhibition room - containing a Mitsubishi A6M Zero model 62, a Kaiten human torpedo and a Kairyū-class submarine
She released two video clips which aim to make potential victims aware of the dangers of human trafficking.
James Burgh, author of The Dignity of Human Nature and Thoughts on Education, who opened his Dissenting Academy on the green in 1750 and sent his pupils to Price's sermons.
 2017/02 – Red Agent: The Human Order #3
Jocular songs – with ironic and sharp remarks focusing on human weaknesses
The agreement allowed for blood testing for human growth hormone, introduced restraints on bonuses for amateur draft picks and international signings, and restored salary arbitration eligibility for part of a class of players that lost it in the 1980s.
Popular feeling ran high, as is reflected in Isaac Reed's poem:Many thousand human lives- 
The fragment from the human mandible was found in August 1952.
Their mass grew greater, and the beginnings of human form emerged.
As the human shield and the SAO Krajina force reached Struga, the defending troops were reluctant to fire against them.
Srivathsan Nadadhur in his review for The Hindu praised the performances and direction and says, "Sammohanam works because its characters are vulnerable and human.
He has championed the cause of democracy in the country and has worked towards promotion of human rights and sustainable development.
Nada Al-Ahdal (; born March 3, 2003) is a human rights activist and resident of Yemen known for escaping two different child marriage pacts her parents had made for her.
From 2008 - 2014, Sawyer was a human capital analyst supporting diversity initiatives at NAVSEA PEO IWS, a program office of the United States Navy.
Philip Carey, the main character of the 1915 novel Of Human Bondage by W. Somerset Maugham, has clubfoot.
Green cleaning refers to using cleaning methods and products with environmentally friendly ingredients and procedures which are designed to preserve human health and environmental quality.
 James T. Deason Human Relations Award and the W.W. Law Legacy Award
Flagg's appearance shifts between human, demon, and various animals, and it is implied that he has lived many lives during many eras; "Flagg" is merely the name of the force's present form.
DBASS3 and DBASS5 in computational biology is a database of new exon boundaries induced by pathogenic mutations in human disease genes.
Ghazi served as the Managing Editor of Global Voices, an international and multilingual community of bloggers, journalists, translators, academics, and human rights activists, from 2012.
During World War II, some of the weapons and medical research performed by the KWI was connected to fatal human experimentation on living test subjects (prisoners) in Nazi concentration camps.
They also seek to recreate the world with the , which can be used instead of the Greater Book, have the ability to assume their human forms, and summon  foot soldiers to aid them in battle.
Recent polling by Gallop has found that Americans' beliefs on UFOs have changed significantly in a short time, with a 2021 survey finding that 41% of respondents believe at least "some [reported sightings] have been alien spacecraft," while 50% believe "all explained by human activity/natural phenomenon."
Another part of his works includes documentary photographs, which at the same time have found a general and human face due to repetition and sequence.
Isaac became a member of the League of Human Rights and the Vigilance Committee of Antifascist Intellectuals.
He wrote a second volume, Politics in Ghana - 1982-1992, dealing with the politics of revolution, CDRs, Public Tribunals, popular power, positive defiance and human rights issues of the period.
Driver mutations in KRAS underlie the pathogenesis of up to 20% of human cancers.
“God and the Human Good” in God and the Moral Life, eds.
On 26 May 2014, Prime Minister Narendra Modi appointed her as the Minister of Human Resource Development in his cabinet.
In the film Miracles From Heaven, we once again get a heart wrenching story that by the end restores our faith in the beauty of our human experience.
Secondly, apparent evils exist as a consequent of nature's goodness, thus it was necessary for the human skull to be made from small and thin bones for reasons of utility, but this superior utility meant that the skull is vulnerable to blows.
He has been a professor, teacher, and public speaker on human learning for around 31 years, and says that he taught his own children to read using the multi-sensory approach that he developed.
Li completed her dissertation, titled "Visual Recognition: Computational Models and Human Psychophysics", under the primary supervision of Pietro Perona and secondary supervision of Christof Koch.
From 2004 to 2010 she also taught courses at the Center for Human Rights of the University of Pretoria.
The comprehensive Law on Suppression of Human Trafficking and Sexual Exploitation was enacted in 2008.
A century later, in the mid-twentieth century, it began to be believed that the earlier policy of "protection from disturbance was inadequate to preserve park values", and that is that direct human intervention was necessary to restore the landscape of National Parks to its ‘'natural'’ condition.
Inside the human body (July 31, 2020, with Toei Animation)
According to the evolutionary model, the earliest Christians believed that Jesus was a human who was exalted, c.q.
In Ultimate Human, Pete Wisdom is an ex-British Intelligence agent thrown out of MI6 after testing his "British Enhancile Program" on himself, transforming him into the Leader.
The Aravali Range is the source area of many rivers, resulting in development of human settlements with sustainable economy since pre-historic times.
ʻAbdu'l-Bahá's comments seem to differ from the standard evolutionary picture of human development, where Homo sapiens as one species along with the great apes evolved from a common ancestor living in Africa millions of years ago.
The surgeon general reports to the assistant secretary for health (ASH), who may be a four-star admiral in the commissioned corps, and who serves as the principal advisor to the secretary of health and human services on public health and scientific issues.
Kesarovski played with this idea in writing about a robot that could kill a human being because it did not understand that it was a robot, and therefore did not apply the Laws of Robotics to its actions.
Coyle has been an adviser on prison and criminal justice matters to the Office of the UN High Commissioner on Human Rights, the UN Office on Drugs and Crime, the UN Latin American Institute for the Prevention of Crime, and the Council of Europe, including its Committee for the Prevention of Torture (CPT).
 Cisca Wijmenga, a Dutch professor of Human Genetics
Obtaining Human Resource Management diploma or diploma in Fast Food Management can help to get a job in major fast food restaurants since it is one of the most desired.
Farnham collaborated with vocal group Human Nature to record "Every Time You Cry" which peaked at No.
Enhanced neurogenic activity over J147 in human neural precursor cells has its derivative called CAD-31.
The Letelier-Moffitt Human Rights Award is awarded annually by the Washington, D.C.-based Institute for Policy Studies (IPS).
Non-discrimination and equality are not abstract concepts under international human rights law (IHRL).
2013: I Am Not a Human Being II'' - Lil Wayne
Following the war between Raymond Reddington and Mr. Kaplan in the previous season, Raymond's greatest secret - in the form of a suitcase containing an unidentified human skeleton - has been missing and Raymond and Dembe Zuma desperately search for it.
As to how, and in what social conditions, a bloodthirsty paranoiac could for twenty-five years exercise unlimited despotic power over a country of two hundred million inhabitants, which throughout that period had been blessed with the most progressive and democratic system of government in human history—to this enigma the speech offered no clue whatever.
In 2003, RC began to engage with the Jewish community in the UK to promote awareness of human rights and encourage activism, by hosting a series of high-level public events, including panel debates and conferences.
Halen culminates saying that "the movie transcends its trappings and manages to come ahead with a clear message about human nature and what can be achieved past our own egos and isolation.
No scientific body of national or international standing disagrees with this view, though a few organizations with members in extractive industries hold non-committal positions, and some have attempted to convince the public that climate change is not happening, or if the climate is changing it is not because of human influence, attempting to sow doubt in the scientific consensus.
Human occupation of the hill is thought to have started in the Late Bronze Age (around 1000 BC) when an enclosure was built.
Drawing on the personal experience of a leading international jurist, this book offers insights into the powers bearing on international law and policymaking, the dynamics of human rights negotiations with governments, and the effects of their outcomes on the lives of their citizens.
The 'Thaksinification' of the War on Terror Discourses and the Human Rights Crisis in Thailand, 2001 to 2006.
His research is mainly focused on computational and systems biology relevant to human cancers and their early detection, microbial genomes and pathway encoding, and plant genomes and cell walls.
Much of his video work depicted fast-moving, fluid-like transformations of human figures and disfigured faces into odd beasts on surreal structural settings with impressive camera effects (moving around within his stop-motion animation).
Equipo Nizkor (from the Hebrew נִזְכּוֹר, "we will remember") is a human rights NGO concerned mostly about events in Latin America, but also Europe.
- Embodied Cognition - The theory that cognition is a full body experience, and therefore can only exist, and therefore be measure and analyzed, in fullness if all required human abilities and processes are working together through a mutually aware and supportive systems network.
They have even directly taught ASL signs to their children (Loulis) without human help or intervention.
Relatives of P. Satyam Babu  and Human Rights activists alleged that the police was trying to eliminate him in an effort to shield the real culprits in the case.
On 1 February, 2022, Delimkhanov shared a video on Instagram threatening human rights lawyer Abubakar Yangulbaev and his family with death.
Taurine is a non-protein sulfur amino acid that is found in high concentrations in human milk.
He then went on to do his training in clinical human genetics and post-doctorate with Heiner Westphal at the NIH, unraveling LHX9 as a gene critical for mammalian gonad formation.
Captive birds of social species that normally live in flocks, such as parrots, will regularly solicit preening from their human owners.
Parikh was a professor at the School of Planning, CEPT University, Ahmedabad, a visiting lecturer at the Human Settlements Management Institute in Delhi and has taught occasionally at Martin's School of Architecture at Cambridge University.
His ultimate goal is to find the Master of the clan, with whom the original human Shadow had a seemingly romantic relationship.
The gross anatomy curricula of most chiropractic programs require students to spend time performing human cadaver dissection.
Balvin's 2020 interview with journalist Vicky Dávila stirred controversy when he referred to current president Ivan Duque and former president Alvaro Uribe as "cool guys" despite both men being accused of significant human rights abuses.
A report produced in November 2015 by the Human Dignity Trust in association with the Commonwealth Lawyers' Association claims that countries that continue to criminalize same-sex relationships were worsening the impacts of the HIV/AIDS crisis.
A split to the National Front (II), the party was established with support and blessings of Mohammad Mossadegh and soon applied for the membership in the front with a platform advocating national sovereignty, freedom of political activity and expression, social justice under Islam, respect for Iran's constitution, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and the Charter of the United Nations.
He delivered speeches and presented proposals on several European forums in the field of human policy, culture and migration.
These fins can cut very deep into human skin and have been known to result in infections, mainly characterized by swelling and discoloration.
"Anyone can go and read a book about this or the Wikipedia entry," Stevens said, "but there are human stories that illustrate the depth."
The human gastrointestinal tract (GI tract) consists of the mouth, pharynx, esophagus, stomach, small intestine, and large intestine, and is a 9-meter-long continuous tube; the largest body surface area exposed to the external environment.
Furthermore, the European mutation is associated with the largest region of diminished genetic variation in the CEU HapMap population, suggesting the possibility that the A111T mutation may be the subject of the single largest degree of selection in human populations of European ancestry.
Global Urban Justice: the Rise of Human Rights Cities.
In May 2020, A human rights lawyer,  Payam Derafshan, was sentenced to two years imprisonment and suspended from practicing law for a period of two additional years.
If firewood and timber is collected from grassland rather than from forests, human land use will even benefit the species.
However, an eco-warrior is also someone who utilizes the courts to halt, suspend, or otherwise derail a human activity that the activist believes adversely impacts the environment.
The ARSO-I's may work alien smuggling and human trafficking investigations alongside resident or regional ICE- Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) Special Agents.
A member of one of the most prominent families in Turkey, Cem was the cousin of murdered liberal-leftist journalist, intellectual and human rights activist Abdi İpekçi, the editor in chief for then centre-leftist Milliyet newspaper.
 Saliva – Human salivary α-amylase-specific antibodies are conjugated with colloidal gold and incorporated beneath the sample window.
Among these is the human relation to and feeling for beauty.
that Christ's death in obedience to the will of the Father had a redemptive value beyond human potential.
Luo explains translating "Clause" instead of "Drug" in chapter 52: "As most of the "drugs" from human being are no more used medically, it seems rude to list them as drugs."
The desire to save their mother from the wounds and damages incurred from the Church's experiments prompted him and Hasga to join Gekkou's student council in the human world, after they have helped rescue their mother, Ela of the East.
The Drosophila ortholog, sas-4, has been shown to be a scaffold for a cytoplasmic complex of Cnn, Asl, CP-190, tubulin and D-PLP (similar to the human proteins PCNT and AKAP9).
This assessment was confirmed by the European Medicines Agency (EMA), whose Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) specified new contraindications for the medication on 15 December 2011, which include hypocalcaemia and severe renal impairment with a creatinine clearance of less than 35 ml/min.
However, this is only true for human referents.
As of February 2020, Segebart serves on the following committees:  Human Resources (Vice Chair), Local Government, and Natural Resources and Environment.
In other words, as explained by the Canadian Center for Intercultural Learning, “people who adopt this point of view generally approach intercultural situations with the assurance that a simple awareness of the fundamental patterns of human interaction will be sufficient to assure the success of the communication.
Russian human rights activist and journalist Natalya Estemirova contributed to Caucasian Knot before she was kidnapped and killed in Chechnya in 2009.
Gjøvik has alleged that Apple pressured her into revealing details of sexual harassment she had experienced after she mentioned the incident in an unrelated meeting with a member of Apple's human resources department.
Many of his paintings showed suburban settings in which unexpected human dramas occurred, some of them humorous and some frightening.
Class II materials are estimated to be fatal to an adult human at a dose of 5 to 30 grams.
Environmental and human health impacts 
Dual process theory propose that there are two types of cognitive processes in human mind.
Historical data collected in Poland confirms the complete destruction of 554,000 farms valued at 6.062 million złoty (1938 level) with 8 million dead cattle and horses, on top of terrible human losses.
Unsystematic excavations in the early twentieth century by local residents produced flint tools and human remains.
In the early 20th century, the sole remaining burial mound at Fort Wayne was excavated by archaeologists from the University of Michigan and was found to contain human remains dating over 900 years old.
Yet others are involved in work on human development, aging, sports, health, forensics, and the media.
In August 2008 Disease Models & Mechanisms was launched to reflect the increasing importance of model organisms in the understanding of human disease; it is an open access journal.
 The human heart has four chambers
 Human Rights Watch report on KwaZulu, just before the 1994 elections – This includes detailed, well-referenced, sections on recent Zulu history.
Infinitely skillful and artful, human beings nevertheless can never circumvent death.
In his performance analysis he found that PostgreSQL extracts overlapping genomic regions eight times faster than MySQL using two datasets of 80,000 each forming random human DNA regions.
Vern Barnet in Charlotte Observer likewise thought that the title insults traditional Hindu usage of the term since it is a human, not a god, who descends in the film.
As the origin of Homo sapiens, Africa is home to the widest array of human genetic diversity.
He explains to Eugénie that morality, compassion, religion, and modesty are all absurd notions that stand in the way of the sole aim of human existence: pleasure.
The MTU also has its own plastination unit for the long-term preservation of human body parts.
Kara was friends with a fellow human, Frieda (voiced by Jasika Nicole), who began expressing a desire to flee the island.
Social science must consider the question of ends, purpose, and ideals in its analysis of human action.
Balinese Hindus believe that knowledge is an essential medium to achieve the goal of life as a human being, and so honor her.
Moroccan authorities have kept her under de facto house arrest since 2020, and Khaya has been repeatedly attacked, subject to sexual assault and raids on her house, as reported by a number of human rights groups.
In 2018, he launched a non-profit organization for human rights and started streaming on Twitch.
Reena's has been a regular collaborator with British Asian Composer/Producer Nitin Sawhney, an association that began with her soulful rendition of the epic Indian poem "Heer" by Waris Shah for Sawhney's 2003 album Human (V2).
Ameloblasts are cells which secrete the enamel proteins enamelin and amelogenin which will later mineralize to form enamel, the hardest substance in the human body.
Elemental iodine (I2) is poisonous if taken orally in large amounts; 2–3 grams is a lethal dose for an adult human.
About the importance of making employment opportunities inclusive, Shirley Davis, director of global diversity and inclusion at the Society for Human Resource Management, said: "People with disabilities represent a critical talent pool that is underserved and underutilized".
 provides means of assigning users to generic human roles
Vehicle speed within the human tolerances for avoiding serious injury and death is a key goal of modern road-design, because impact speed affects the severity of injury both to vehicle occupants and to pedestrians.
Deoxycholic acid has been used since its discovery in various fields of human medicine.
TCF12 has been speculatively related to human male sexuality through a GWAS study indicating association to a related single nucleotide polymorphism.
Ging added that he felt any human rights course is incomplete without discussing the Holocaust, but it would exceed UNWRA's mandate to write texts about the Holocaust and the Palestinian uprooting.
 2012 Shakespeare Institute Lecture, Stratford: 'Monstrous To Our Human Reason: Minding the gap in "The Winter's Tale"' (8 March) 
In Human Nature, a man (Toby Huss) experiences a psychological breakdown from the stresses of modern living as well as the Assassination of John F. Kennedy.
As such, there was a demonstrated need for a database to characterize human autophagy proteins and components and/or their homologs, as well as orthologs in other species.
Katharine Montagu (died 1966), first to identify  dopamine in the human brain
He enjoyed three more Top 20 hits from his debut solo album Human Racing, including the title track and a successful re-issue of "I Won't Let the Sun Go Down on Me".
He has written and edited several books and articles on slavery, witchcraft, headhunting, mining, human trafficking, and piracy in the Andes.
In return for providing the then Transvaal Attorney-General with the names of former security police members involved in human rights abuses during Apartheid, he was granted indemnity from prosecution.
The six stairways leading up to the platform were each guarded by two kneeling statues of human figures with animal heads; most of those now in place are replicas, the originals having been stolen or removed to museums.
Most eukaryotic viruses, including most human, animal, and plant viruses, are RdRp-encoding RNA viruses.
The Tunisian government does not identify human trafficking as a problem in Tunisia.
One's ability to see into the future is part of the human cognition, when a child starts to “calculate survival-related risk”; this causes significant stress by continuously reliving the trauma.
We can say that the neurotoxin is not directed at the human host.
These DNA strands are often extremely long; the largest human chromosome, for example, is about 247 million base pairs in length.
On December 16, Strong and Jack Evans defeated 2 Skinny Black Guys (El Generico and Human Tornado) to become number one contenders to the PWG World Tag Team Championship.
Lin's research was based on the study of human tissue antigens (HLA) of Hoklo, Hakka, and Plains indigenous peoples.
Subjective video quality tests are quite expensive with regard to time (preparation and running) and human resources.
 2009-2014 HIT Policy Committee, Office of the National Coordinator of Health Information Technology, Health and Human Services  
The average venom yield per bite is approximately 7.9–9.0 mg, while the lethal human dose is estimated to be 1.5 mg.
Oleclumab (INN; development code MEDI9447) is a human monoclonal antibody targeting the ectonucleotidase CD73 that was designed for the treatment of pancreatic and colorectal and other cancers.
It was also too small to fit comfortably on a human head.
Biography, Freedom and Destiny: Enlightening the Path of Human Life.
There are limitations to the Human Reference Genome due fact that it is "single" distinct sequence.
Human Resource Development Project - To recruit volunteers and work actively with them to increase their awareness of others' needs and to continue ongoing education for previous APCC volunteers to equip them with the skills required for leadership.
His spectrometric method was copied in many laboratories throughout the world and has yielded insights into the human metabolisms of many elements and their compounds.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights' is a body of human rights experts tasked with monitoring the implementation of the Covenant.
[17][18] Mr. Khadir was detained in Karkuk then moved to Arbil where Human Rights Watch (HRW) visited him in one of the detention places.
The nanotubes are approximately 50,000 times thinner than a human hair.
Foundations of Sociology: Towards a Better Understanding of the Human World (Palgrave Macmillan, 2002).
The cybernetic laws are applied to all types of human activity systems like organisations and institutions.
The psoas minor muscle is considered inconstant and is often absent, only being present in about 40% of human specimens studied.
AllMusic's Cesar Lanzarini said that Fritsch's debut is "a perfect example of how to combine an infinite quantity of timbres created in different synthesizers and use them as tools to explore human sensations".
Filmed in Palestine between summer 2013 and December 2015, Beyond the Frontlines was partly financed through a crowdfunding campaign,  and supported by a number of French human rights, including feminist, organizations.
Human alphaherpesvirus 2 (HHV-2) is a species of virus in the genus Simplexvirus, subfamily Alphaherpesvirinae, family Herpesviridae, and order Herpesvirales.
Children can be treated can be treated with recombinant human GH (r-hGH).
In the Epilogue, Cardan and Jude are coronated and they banish Madoc to live in the human world.
It was the second game by Nishikado to use human character sprites, after a 1974 sports video game he designed for Taito, Basketball, which was released as TV Basketball by Midway in North America.
In the human brain alone, there are over eighty billion neurons.
The NIH believes the potential medical benefits of human pluripotent stem cell technology are compelling and worthy of pursuit in accordance with appropriate ethical standards.
The company behind Funcom's last 2 ARGs, Human Equation, a Montreal-based entertainment studio who also created an independent ARG called Qadhos, has even further purchased the rights to a special class of characters, The Black Watchmen, to create their own independent ARG.
Increase public awareness and promote the informed and active participation of people/government on marine biodiversity conservation as well as encourage the reduction of human impacts.
A "proto-form human Reaper" encountered as the final boss of Mass Effect 2 provides insight into how the Reapers replenish their numbers, as it is the end product of harvested organic DNA which have been processed to make a new Reaper.
Of Human Hearts, starring Walter Huston, James Stewart, Beulah Bondi
Although the German-language text makes use of witty nicknames – for instance, the curate’s genital is called "a hammer of mercy" – for human anatomy and sexual behavior, its content is entirely pornographic.
Yeast SUB1 has structural and functional similarities to human alpha-synuclein, a protein that has an important role in Parkinson’s disease.
Agni in Samskrita means "fire", and according to Ayurveda, Agni happens to be the entity that is responsible for all digestive and metabolic processes in the human beings.
Human rights activists have alleged, and investigative journalism reported confirmation, that child labor is used in these mines.
She worked as a journalist, school-teacher and lawyer before joining the Tbilisi-based human rights advocacy organization Article 42 of the Constitution in 2003.
The other genes on the human Y chromosome arose from an autosome that fused with the original Y chromosome.
The book pushes for a unity between environmental, human, and animal occupations of space.
Plateau phase, in physiology and human sexuality, the second stage of sexual arousal in the Masters and Johnson model
The compounding is based on a history of the licensed pharmacist or licensed physician receiving valid prescription orders for the compounding of the human drug product; and 2.
While congratulating Algeria for lifting the state of emergency in February 2011, Human Rights Watch urged that the government still needed to "restore basic liberties" by amending "numerous repressive laws and end various arbitrary practices that have no legal basis".
They include human brain functions and mental processes as well as normative ethics systems and social/cultural behavioral patterns.
If these initial laboratory tests fail to uncover the cause of gynecomastia, then additional tests to evaluate for an underlying hormonal balance due to hypogonadism or a testicular tumor should be checked including total and free levels of testosterone, luteinizing hormone, follicle stimulating hormone, estradiol, serum beta human chorionic gonadotropin (β-hCG), and prolactin.
The long-term fluctuations in the range and distribution of human settlements along the Kuril island presumably tracked the pinniped ranges.
An on-site necropsy of Bear 141 revealed human body parts such as fingers and limbs.
It lives in various parts of the rainforest environment, preferring areas with little human disturbance.
Its major mechanism of action is through the inhibition of human CYP3A proteins.
It might also be argued that conceptual vagueness is an inevitability, given the limited capacity of the human nervous systems.
Rejecting the inventions of both modernism and postmodernism, it champions contemporary work "that, like the great art of past centuries, is concerned with fundamental human values, and is both intelligible and well crafted."
Climbing is the human activity of ascending a steep object with the hands and/or feet.
They are a throwback to the pointed ears of many mammals and just one more vestigial trace of human evolutionary history.
August 22 – The Senate Committee on Justice and Human Rights begins its hearing on the spate of summary executions in the Philippines.
He considers that preserving the freedom and efficiency of Internet is crucial for the future thriving of human culture.
The first traces of human settlement in the Nemoli region date back to the fifth century, such as particular bronze statuettes discovered around the area.
Copenhagen Pride is Denmark's largest annual Human Rights festival, focused on LGBT issues.
In a similar way he was also advocating democracy and Human rights.
Traditionally, the kudan is depicted as having the head of a human and the body of a bovine.
In the present category, all parts of the human body that have been used as drugs are recorded.
Also featured are the skeletal remains of a male human being and a dinosaur bone which was found in the local area.
William James, Henry Bumstead, and others criticized both Adams's tenuous grasp of the scientific concepts that he invoked, as well as the arbitrariness of his application of those concepts as metaphors for the evolution of human thought and society.
In 2006, Dickinson presented a documentary for Sky One entitled Inside Spontaneous Human Combustion with Bruce Dickinson, in which he investigated the phenomenon by enlisting the help of several experts and performing various experiments to determine its possible cause.
In the years following its release, The Silence of the Lambs was subject to much film criticism regarding its themes of human sexuality and sexual politics.
In 1957 he was appointed professor of human genetics at the University of Göttingen, the post he held until his retirement in 1975.
Fromm's best known work, Escape from Freedom, focuses on the human urge to seek a source of authority and control upon reaching a freedom that was thought to be an individual's true desire.
Colony-level breeding success was also impacted by extent of wetlands around colonies, which ameliorated negative impacts of proximity to human habitation.
According to the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative, "from most accounts [the country] enjoys a relatively high standard of freedom of speech and free press", but the unlawful arrest of a Canadian journalist in Kingstown was an issue in 2009.
Botswana's agricultural officials assert that the main purpose of the fence is to stop animal rather than human migration, with the aim of preventing the transmission of foot-and-mouth disease, but Zimbabwe's high commissioner in Gaborone rejects this explanation, calling it an attempt to make Zimbabwe into a "Gaza Strip".
Its tagline is “Here to Help” and its mission is to cover all aspects of human behavior so as to help people better manage their own health and wellness, adjust their mindset, and manage a range of mental health and relationship concerns.
Though he retained some regard for the organizational power of Catholicism, he had utter contempt for its central teachings, which he said, if taken to their conclusion, "would mean the systematic cultivation of the human failure".
under human rights laws in federal court in San Francisco, California, United States.
Screw valves, unlike Quake and ice valves, maintain their level of flow restriction without power input, and are thus ideal for situations where the valve position may remain mostly constant and actuation by a human operator is acceptable.
Winner of the 'Artivist Award' for Best Feature Film under the category of Human Rights at the 2006 Artivist Film Festival & Awards in Hollywood.
As Cox explained, her Catholic school education taught her that all human beings were created in the likeness of God.
 by agencies of the US Department of Health and Human Services, to brief senior officials and to inform program decision-making, in research programs and in health and social service programs.
On 10 February 2018, Bergling released "Ghost", a collaboration with Swedish singer-songwriter Daniel Adams-Ray, who was credited as HUMAN.
In October 2014, Newlink had no vaccine in production and no human trials underway, and there were calls for the Canadian government to cancel the contract.
The Interior Minister, Moinuddin Haider, contradicted the sentence by stating that Pakistan is a signatory of the Human Rights Commission, so "such punishments are not allowed."
When he was 12, his mother introduced him to Charles Darwin's The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex, which encouraged his later interest in human evolution.
The Human Rights Foundation of Turkey determined the following figures on extrajudicial executions in Turkey for the years 1991 to 2001:
in European Social Policy in 1991, and participated in a number of professional fellowship and exchange programs, including with the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship in the United States (1992), Oxford University (1993–1994), the University of Konstanz (1997–2000), the Institute of Human Sciences in Vienna (1998) and Central European University in Budapest (1998–2000).
Predator (2004) is described in the film as having traveled to Earth at a prehistoric time and having a human culture serve them as Gods.
That story, which also became a film years later in 1995, involves another dystopian future, where human couriers deliver computer data, stored cybernetically in their own minds.
As days passed on Arjun changes his attitude and he tries to be a good human because of Vasu and he understands Vasu's caring as friend.
The State under a constitutional regimen of rights, guarantees and freedoms in favor of human beings and their coexistence, and against personalism, caudillism, privileges, corruption and impunity
He was the mayor of Gatineau from 1983 to 1988 and is now president of the Commission des droits de la personne et des droits de la jeunesse (known in English as the Quebec Human Rights Commission).
This requires that the Old Testament be interviewed first of all for its actual, ostensible meaning within its ancient context, and only then put to analogous use in addressing the problems of contemporary human life.”
Moreover, Paglia attributes all the progress of human civilization to masculinity revolting against the Chthonic forces of nature, and turning instead to the Apollonian trait of ordered creation.
Management Services Division, which includes accounting, human resources, building operations, etc.
However, it also mentions the parties' shared "[r]espect for democratic principles and human rights as defined in particular in the Helsinki Final Act and the Charter of Paris for a new Europe" and a commitment to international peace and security.
Lehrbuch der Physiologie des Menschen (Textbook of Human Physiology), (Enke, Erlangen 1864/1865, 4th ed.
A dual-process approach to human cognition specifies two types of thought processes: one that is fast and happens unconsciously or automatically, and another that is slower and involves more conscious deliberation.
"Intelligence with a Human Face (featuring Stephen Slick)," Podcast episode with The Slavic Connexion, June 1, 2020
He has taught law, Human Rights and International Relations at International Islamic University, Islamabad, Quaid-e-Azam University, Islamabad, Iqra University, Islamabad, Bahria University, Islamabad, Punjab University, Lahore, University of Lahore, at Masters and PhD levels and also taught at Civil Services Academy, Lahore, National Police Academy, Islamabad, and many other institutions of higher learning and training.
The State Commission of Human Rights noted that while same-sex marriage has been legal in the state since November 2017 several same-sex couples were denied marriage licenses following the legalization.
As a Dark Judge, the Joker could kill masses of people with his laugh, which caused human heads to explode.
the connection between human nature and Torah was central to Peshischa's doctrine.
Prognosis is determined by various factors such as stage, Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) status, Lymph infiltration of cancer cells, spread of cancer cells beyond the lymph node capsule, margins of the tumor and the extent of metastasis.
 UBD, a gene which codes for the human protein Ubiquitin D
Residue analysis of starch grain remains from grinding stones and human dental calculus shows that the people of Xinglonggou were  primarily processing lily bulbs (Lilium), Chinese yam (Dioscorea polystachya), Trichosanthes kirilowii root, Job's tears, millet, and limited amounts of acorn and various Triticeae grasses.
The cytotoxicity of a peptide can be measured by the its effect on human erythrocytes.
Be Human is a 1936 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop and Grampy.
The climax has Connor, Abby, and Quinn pursuing Helen through anomalies to prevent her exterminating the human ancestors.
Traditional Buddhist ethical views regarding social issues such as abortion and human sexuality may or may not be called into question as well, with some schools, especially Western Buddhist ones, taking alternative stances.
Vali is the great-grandson of the former Maou and a human woman.
The task of guiding the human beings in their development, God gave to the angels who had remained in his kingdom.
In the West, Cassian's proposition that "the slightest glimmer of goodwill" could be attributed to the human drive was widely regarded as unacceptable in relation to the prosperity of the Augustinianism of the period (Conf.
The geological record suggests that supervolcanic eruptions are estimated to occur on average about every 50,000 years, though most such eruptions would not reach the scale required to cause human extinction.
Marc A. Suchard, Assistant Professor of Biomathematics, Biostatistics, and Human Genetics: Towards solutions to the fundamental problems in statistical phylogenetics.
The books provide amusing and philosophical insights into the world and the human mind, prompting the reader to contribute their own thoughts.
In this setting, the dialog author should only define the reward function, for example: in tutorial dialogs, the reward is the increase in the student grade; in information seeking dialogs, the reward is positive if the human receives the information, but there is also a negative reward for each dialog step.
It uses the human DNA sequence to develop protein and antibody drugs.
According to Human Rights Watch, Ethiopian forces backing the Somali transitional government violated the laws of war by widely and indiscriminately bombarding highly populated areas of Mogadishu with rockets, mortars and artillery.
First elected as a Progressive Conservative in a 1997 by-election, Fage served various cabinets as Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, Minister of Economic Development, Minister of Human Resources, Minister of responsible for the Public Service Commission, Minister of Emergency Management, Minister of Natural Resources, and Minister of Energy.
He was one of the first anthropologists called to testify as an expert forensic witness in a murder case; he had identified four tiny fragments of bone as human and helped gain the arrest and conviction of Adolph Luetgert for the sensational murder of his wife in 1897.
Human Rights Watch and several other organisations blamed the hate campaign by the Sangh parivar groups for the violence in the state and also mentioned about the attacks peaking at 1998 when the BJP took over the state in the same year.
The Human League had recently split acrimoniously over creative differences, leaving only two of the original four members, Oakey and Adrian Wright, to continue.
Once set up, a screw machine can rapidly and efficiently produce thousands of parts on a continuous basis with high accuracy, low cycle time, and very little human intervention.
ERICH3 is most highly expressed in a variety of regions of the human brain, including the nucleus accumbens (basal ganglia) and frontal cortex based on the GTEx RNA-seq data.
Both publications focus on local issues and human interest stories.
While The Daily Telegraph commented that the Chapman brothers had "managed to raise the hackles of art historians by violating something much more sacred to the art world than the human body – another work of art", they also noted that the effect of their work was powerful.
Describing the Hoke Moseley novels, Horsley similarly writes that Willeford "uses both his transgressors and his investigator...as commentators on the injustices of class and on a system that seems preoccupied with owning and controlling human life."
Human rights organisations based in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Human liver transplants were first performed by Thomas Starzl in the United States and Roy Calne in Cambridge, England in 1963 and 1967, respectively.
The murals were badly damaged but apparently depicted human figures performing actions near a palace and a ballcourt.
Individuals expressing certain human leukocyte antigen (i.e.
The RNA-Seq data from NCBI gene and The Human Atlas Protein shows that the FAM214B is highly expressed in the bone marrow, placenta, esophagus, and the brain such as corpus callosum, pons and medulla, and spinal cord.
The books focus on Mitchell’s continuing fascination with the idea of place and time and the interrelationship between human culture and nature.
Of the fifteen members of the Security Council, 14 approved a draft resolution that included a provision expressing concern about Moroccan human rights abuses in the occupied territory; only France objected, and thus the paragraph was omitted from the final text.
With the help of a beautiful human secret agent, Fay Bursill, Paddy follows the clues on each of the five dominant worlds, in the hope that Earthfolk will be able to resume their rightful place in space.
Very little of the West's original flora or fauna survives, since most land has been cleared by human farmers.
In Syria she was commissioned by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to act as lead statistician on two reports.
Also, in the first season, Betty at first thought that she was the only human ever to be chosen to be a Galactic Guardian, until she discovered her Grandmother Bea was a retired Galactic Guardian named Beatrixo, and also one of the first Galactic Guardians.
A June 27, 2014 report indicated that Nairn had been threatened with arrest for revealing the  role of Indonesian presidential candidate Prabowo Subianto in human rights abuses.
She worked as a Legal Research and Advocacy Coordinator with the Foundation for Human Rights Initiative from 2001 to 2005.
Two human polls comprise the 1995–96 NCAA Division I women's basketball rankings, the AP Poll and the Coaches Poll, in addition to various publications' preseason polls.
 United States Senate Select Committee on Nutrition and Human Needs
He has a preference in human form as the sculpture subject, and often works with live models when designing sculptures.
A Japanese team accurately sequences a tardigrade genome, finds minimal foreign DNA, and discovers a protein that confers resistance to radiation when transferred into human cells.
A 32-minute silent film from the trip survives as part of the Smithsonian Institution's Human Studies Film Archives and documents a ceremonial dance, a first contact scenario with Boboré villagers, and Bororo men experiencing sympathetic labor pains.
One of Yashiro's classmates, , is a human who is secretly a Clock Keeper; he controls the present and can stop time for five minutes each day.
She kept him as a ring by day, and at night would talk with him in human form.
Highly social mammals such as primates and elephants have been known to exhibit traits that were once thought to be uniquely human, like empathy and altruism.
In August 2018, FAIR's former press secretary, Joe Gomez, filed a complaint with the Washington, D.C. Office of Human Rights, alleging racist, xenophobic, and ableist harassment at FAIR.
Luna was 13 years old when she enrolled at De La Salle University, to earn a Bachelor of Science in human biology.
His main areas of interest have been human rights, environmental protection and accountability of the public servants.
Starting in 1989, labor and human rights activists began calling attention to the use of children in Malawian tobacco production.
Bale was involved in the experiments that injected plutonium into human research subjects or ‘patients’.
In 2021, Kabiller endowed the Kabiller Science of Empathy Prize at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, which biennially is awarded to a member of the Kellogg faculty who "has conducted novel research that advances analytical and rigorous critical thinking about human empathy, understanding and trust."
The importance of the development of a sense of belonging is outlined by Abraham Maslow as it is deemed a universal human need, and an essential element to health.
Along with human remains, artifacts were discovered in the burial sites.
Two mass graves discovered at Gomolava locality are indicating that inhabitants of the Bosut culture practiced human sacrifice.
The fish with human faces are actually the 4 people who bought and drank the elixir right before Pinocchio and Lampwick go into the "Hall of Freaks".
Ramadhani has published various writings on human rights and legal topics.
Activities encompassed by therapeutic horticulture vary widely, some activities include: repetitive actions such as digging and watering, making observations about plant growth and change, relating plant life cycle to human life, and starting seeds.
Instead, they need a human Savior.
Instead, they sought only declaratory and injunctive relief and redress for what they claimed was several decades of neglect and the U.S. government's use of them as human guinea pigs in chemical and biological agent testing experiments.
The best-known remains of prehistoric human habitation in the region are the Neolithic and Bronze Age pile dwellings on the shores of Lake Constance, of which some examples are reconstructed at Unteruhldingen.
The calf regains human shape and rescues his mother.
The ecology of the estuary is under threat from growing pollution from industry, farming and households, threatening both fish yields and human health.
Classically, human behavioural geneticists have studied the inheritance of behavioural traits.
She has produced notable research in human gene functions in both the pathologic and normal states, contributing to the understanding of genetics of schizophrenia, autism, and specific language impairment (SLI).
The archetypes are components of the collective unconscious and serve to organize, direct and inform human thought and behaviour.
 Karachi, in A City Under Siege: Carnage in Karachi, 12/15/07, Human Rights Commission of Pakistan, 2007
In February 2006, Soharwardy and the Edmonton Council of Muslim Communities complained to the Alberta Human Rights and Citizenship Commission about the publication by the Western Standard of the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons depicting Muhammad.
Many but not all programs at the Orillia Campus focus on community safety and human services fields.
According to the Macintosh Human Interface Guidelines, they are reserved for customization by the user.
 Helsinki Citizens' Assembly, a human rights NGO
In 2021, the United Nations called on the US and other countries "to respect, protect and fulfil the human rights of every person affected by direct international action".
The first story may have Buddha and elaborate ornamentation representing rising above the human condition and the sambhogakāya.
Its height, 112 ft, symbolizes the 112 possibilities to attain to moksha (liberation) that are mentioned in yogic culture, and also the 112 chakras in the human system.
One of Canada's market access priorities for 2002 was to "continue to press Korean authorities to obtain the necessary approvals for the sale of seal meat for human consumption in Korea."
Schultz writes: "The fact that current Russian politics also has something to do with Russia's social conditions, its savage capitalism and its kleptocratic elite, remains hidden behind the penetratingly invoked spatial determinism, which must be recognised as a 'decisive factor in the course of human history' (13).
Migrations out of south and east Africa since 100 Kya are thought to have established current human populations worldwide.
Literally, Cheon-Ji (or Chon-Ji) means "heaven and earth" and refers to the creation of the world or the beginning of human history, and thus is the initial pattern learned by the beginner.
Human Clay is the second studio album by American rock band Creed, released on September 28, 1999, through Wind-up Records.
The Doctor soon realizes that the Daleks were actually drawn to Red Rocket Rising to destroy the experiments of Professor Martez, who created his own race of Daleks by mutating human subjects.
La Brea Woman (18–25), name for remains of a human partial skeleton of a woman who lived 10,220–10,250 calendar years BP.
This strengthened his belief in the ability of the human intellect to investigate reality and to come to conclusions at odds with the traditional religious interpretations current until then and to formulate his own theories.
Diseases, pests and human threats have the potential to severely affect our natural areas.
Bishop Carlos Camus, a human rights leader during Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship.
Several sections specifically pertain to human genetic engineering, including Section III-C-1.
In these fields, it has been shown that affect-detection channels have the potential to detect human emotions and those information systems can incorporate the data obtained from affect-detection channels to improve decision models.
Human rights issues do not inform the foreign policies of these two countries to the same extent as they do the policies of other large states such as Japan, India, the EU states and the United States.
From prehistoric times to the present, mining has played a significant role in the existence of the human race.
In 2004, one of the alleged victims approached the J&K State Human Rights Commission seeking a reinvestigation of the case.
In his address given to the 32nd plenary session of the Indian Episcopal Conference in Bangalore, Gracias condemned India's new abortion bill that would extend the period to end a pregnancy to 24 weeks, declaring that "bishops have the responsibility to spread Christ's message about the dignity of all human life".
 Monira Rahman - human rights activist
and maximise human performance in terms of adaptive capacity, endurance, and physical fitness,.
Upon leaving the Army, he was appointed Assistant Legal Adviser to the Foreign Office in 1947 and was involved in drafting of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and became Legal Counsellor to the UK Permanent Mission to the UN in 1954.
Anthropogenic effects are also of major concern, including water and land usage that accompany the increasing human population[9].
Although Wundt did not seem to take interest in these individual variations and kept his focus on the study of the general human mind, Wundt's U.S. student James McKeen Cattell was fascinated by these differences and started to work on them during his stay in England.
The first book is set during the reign of King Tamaros of Vinnengael, the most powerful Human kingdom.
The Clay Project (1999 - 2001) was an 18-meter clay human figure placed in a two-story building in fragments.
Basically, Rispoli concludes that divine grace fully respects human freedom, and does not tarnish it in any way.
Jews have significantly influenced and contributed to human progress in many fields, both historically and in modern times, including philosophy, ethics, literature, politics, business, fine arts and architecture, music, theatre and cinema, medicine, and science and technology, as well as religion; Jews authored the Bible, founded Early Christianity and had a profound influence on Islam.
 2004 – Amnesty International's Ambassador of Conscience Award for her work in promoting human rights.
We have called it Stevenson's Island as he was undoubtedly the first human that ever set foot upon it.
By the mid 1970s, scientists and clinicians alike began using thallium-201  as the radioisotope of choice for human studies.
Another human skeletal remains found at Dhar Néma have been dated to 2095 ± 55 BP.
With a measure of  by , the weathered sandstone boulder is carved with patterns similar to human faces, foot prints and several other patterns.
Joyce works from studios in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and since 2012, in Brussels, Belgium, producing sculpture, drawings, prints, photographs, and videos that reference themes of iron in the human body, iron in industry, and iron in nature.
While dying, the deer transformed into the princess, revealing she was the Nymph of the Forest who became human because she wanted to experience love.
The extensive view sees politics as present across the sphere of human social relations, while the limited view restricts it to certain contexts.
Most notably were limping as an outer indication of being a nithing (such as in the story of Rögnvald Straightleg whose last name was in fact but an ironic offence as his legs were actually crippled), and the belief that sorcerers would not only give birth to animals but also to crippled human children.
Interwoven with a series of real human vignettes that are marked by feelings of celebration, harmony, community and love, the video captures the magical and authentic essence of Jess returning home."
Some alternative modes of transportation, especially cycling, also provide regular, low-impact exercise, tailored to the needs of human bodies.
 Health and Human Services, Vice Chair
This gene is localized on chromosome 1p31, a genetic locus commonly mutated or deleted in human cancers.
Environmental systems analysis (ESA) is a systematic and systems based approach for describing human actions impacting on the natural environment to support decisions and actions aimed at perceived current or future environmental problems.
Lovinsky Pierre-Antoine, a leading human rights organizer in Haiti and a member of Lavalas, disappeared in August 2007.
Another metagenomic study detected viable human viruses, including herpesvirus and cycloviruses.
The center opened in 1982 under the auspices of First Lady Imelda Marcos as human settlements minister.
However, much of the Central Valley environment has been altered by human activity, including the introduction of exotic plants, notably grasses.
The immigration history of Australia began with the initial human migration to the continent around 80,000 years ago when the ancestors of Aboriginal Australians arrived on the continent via the islands of Maritime Southeast Asia and New Guinea.
Between 1993 and 1998, Lopa was a member of Indonesia's National Commission on Human Rights (Komnas HAM), where he served as Secretary General.
Spock has returned to his home planet, Vulcan, where he was seeking to control the human half of his persona.
Crista dividens is a structure in the developing heart of the human embryo that divides the right atrium in a way such that it creates a pan systolic murmur in the same way as the foramen ovale.
The Stoics believed that reason and the laws of nature must always govern human behavior.
Folklorists have commented on the garland crosses' resemblance to human figures, and noted that they replaced statues of St Mary and Saint James the Great which had stood on the rood screen until they were destroyed during the Reformation.
Simple non-coiled springs were used throughout human history, e.g.
A database now exists containing the genetic differences between human and chimpanzee genes, with about thirty-five million single-nucleotide changes, five million insertion/deletion events, and various chromosomal rearrangements.
Typically, the Mamuna would feel sorry for its own child and would return the human baby to its mother.
Where Crown governments enter into co-management agreements to minimize management costs or uphold human rights commitments, such Canada's endorsement of the United Nation's Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, Indigenous groups leverage co-management strategically as a tool to advance their self-determination as distinct cultures and to reclaim political agency.
Luhyas, a people who needed a constant source of water for their crops, animals and various industries like metalworking, and building, kept moving along the Suam River depending on various environmental or human triggers, into what is now western Kenya and eastern Uganda, and settled near the source of that river, Mt.
Until his death, Levins was John Rock Professor of Population Sciences and head of the Human Ecology program in the Department of Global Health and Population of the Harvard School of Public Health.
The Arabic Network for Human Rights Information denounced the blasphemy charge against al-Naqi as a "cover-up" and an excuse to "gag" political opponents.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) says the number of victims exceeds the 105 reported deaths and calls for an independent investigation.
Later, the rapid decrease in price of transistors made possible cheaper electronic remotes that contained a piezoelectric crystal that was fed by an oscillating electric current at a frequency near or above the upper threshold of human hearing, though still audible to dogs.
His recent work has focused on marine ecology, macroecology, climate change, identifying safe planetary boundaries for human development, and on transformative governance of the sea in Australia, Chile, China, the Galapagos Islands, Gulf of Maine and the Coral Triangle.
Portrayal of the human body shifted drastically under the reign of Akhenaten.
The writer Edward Augustus Kendall discussed predation in his book of moral fables The Canary Bird (1799), in which he argued that predatory behavior by animals should not be judged by human moral standards and that "a prejudice against particular creatures, for fancied acts of cruelty is absurd".
Also, there is no civil court preceding for human rights violations, and criminal courts are especially influenced by the executive branch.
This water makes up a significant fraction of the human body, both by weight and by volume.
Human rights lawyer Andrew McEntee, a former Amnesty International chairman, called for forensic pathologists to be dispatched as a matter of urgency.
'The situation of human rights in Cambodia', Sixth Report (2014) (U.N. Doc.
An Instruction for Lovers of the Same and the Oldest History of the Human Spirit (1782–83)
Denying service members the right to serve freely and openly violates basic dignity and respect of the human experience and puts our national security at risk."
Jagmeet Singh - Federal NDP leader, lawyer, and human rights advocate, NDP Burnaby-South, BC - MP 2019
Although Chinese elixir poisoning may lead some to dismiss Chinese alchemy as another example of human follies in history, Ho Peng-Yoke and F. Peter Lisowski note its positive aspect upon Chinese medicine.
Since the pandemic began in China, human rights activists have been concerned that the virus may spread to Xinjiang's overcrowded detention and re-education centers and jails.
He speaks enigmatically of his past and seems to be terrified of human sexuality.
She appeared in the form of an attractive female human named Angelique (portrayed by Rachelle Pettinato) to seed discord into Wes, Trip, and Lucas (although Wes was initially able to resist her influence due to his attraction to Jen).
Several studies since 2000 have suggested that the virus is also linked to colorectal cancer, as Human polyomavirus 2 has been found in malignant colon tumors, but these findings are still controversial.
Later acquires a human alias, "The Amazing Dave" (a stage magician).
APTA annually holds two large conferences and publishes the Physical Therapy Journal, the leading international journal for research in physical therapy and related fields, and PT in Motion, a professional issues magazine providing legislative, health care, human interest, and association news.
In 1998, in his role as the American Muslim Council Liaison to the Coalition for Free Exercise of Religion, he testified before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights, supporting the need for federal protection of religious freedom after the City of Boerne v. Flores case decided by the United States Supreme Court.
In 3.5, tieflings use human names until they seek to differentiate themselves from their parents, after which they usually take fiendish "names" of Infernal or Abyssal origin that sound menacing.
The list changes year over year as human beings migrate into formerly uninhabited regions, or migrate out of formerly inhabited regions.
While acknowledging how limited the gameplay was, writing that "the events seem to last for about ten seconds as the Gladiators wipe the floor with you", he concluded that the overall product worked as "a simple, no-nonsense all out action game", considering it especially fun when playing with other human gamers.
In his 7.9 out of 10 star review, Josh Jackson of Paste wrote: "The whole spectrum of human nature is on view when civilization is stripped away—the bigger the immediate threat, the more varied the response.
Currently the counteracting and overlapping effects make it difficult to discern the overall impact human induced climate change will have on marsupial lawns.
It is contrasted with abolitionism, the position that human beings have no moral right to use animals, and ought to have no legal right, no matter how the animals are treated.
I didn't realize the human part of it, I didn't have that."
Some forms of gene therapy require the insertion of therapeutic genes at pre-selected chromosomal target sites within the human genome.
Dr. Collins serves as the Diversity Advisory Board Chair for the Translational Research Institute for Space Health (TRISH), an organization that helps support human health research for NASA’s space exploration efforts.
Another frequent question that is raised is "Where does individual human behavior fall on the ToK?"
The feelings of many Latin Americans had changed, with a concern for human rights growing out of their Catholic faith.
Petra has many "sacred high places" which include altars that have usually been interpreted as places of human sacrifice, although, since the 1960s, an alternative theory that they are "exposure platforms" for placing the corpses of the deceased as part of a funerary ritual has been put forward.
His brother Thalok is high priest of the bloody state cult, which demands human sacrifices, hearts torn out in Aztec fashion.
He has said that goal of this research is not only to increase human knowledge, but also to apply that knowledge to the project of protecting coastal and marine biodiversity from extinction.
Cory saw this as a "small step" beyond the use of human recall, and relied upon the older American cases of United States v White and Lopez v United States.
Dionysius of Halicarnassus also explains the ritual in terms of human sacrifice, saying that Tiberinus was the recipient of these regular offerings.
Where the two paths lead, no one knows, for the Sisterhood says the village is the only human habitation left on Earth.
The declaration was influenced by article 26 of the United Nations Universal Declaration on Human Rights, which says that "Everyone has the right to education", and article 13.1 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights which "recognize[s] the right of everyone to education".
At the end of a six-day visit to Colombia, on 9 October 2017 the UN Assistant Secretary-General for human rights Andrew Gilmour issued statement welcoming progress in the demobilization and disarmament of the FARC.
His academic area of expertise focuses on human geography.
The school offers a variety of classes for its high school students including special classes in physical education, human biophysics and chemistry, drama, social psychology, sign language and home economics.
 Finn the Human, (Adventure Time)
Later, the other victims are presented with a meal of human feces.
 Event 4 – 10G Human Slalom: First up was Brazilian Rodrigo Peres who completed the course in 32.91 seconds with no penalties.
Lander was the founding editor of the Annual Review of Genomics and Human Genetics.
Outside of Vietnam, Viet Tan frequently meets with members of the United States Congress, the Parliament of Australia, Parliament of Canada, and members of the European Union and given key testimonies on issues of human rights, Internet Freedom, and political repression.
This study also identified several hub regions in the human brain, including the precuneus and the superior frontal gyrus.
It's time to fulfill Roosevelt's vision and guarantee the necessities of life to all as a human right."
Scientists broadly, other than paleoanthropologists, may use the term "hominin" to identify the human clade, replacing the term "hominid".
The 2010 TIP report also condemned Canada's lack of a national action plan, and said that Canada is a destination, source, and transit country for forced prostitution, unfree labour, the prostitution of children, and other forms of human trafficking.
The Cryptkeeper is depicted as an animated corpse, as opposed to the original comics in which he was a living human being.
Nonetheless, the journalists from The Times disregarded this, publishing a story on the bone in their 17 May edition that proclaimed "English Heritage finds the Oldest Human in Europe – and he is English".
Marx's concepts of alienation have been classed into four types by Kostas Axelos: economic and social alienation, political alienation, human alienation, and ideological alienation.
Human habitation was limited to Agrihan, Pagan, and Alamagan, but population varied due to various economic factors, including children's education.
In 1991 to 1992, she was a Visiting Scholar at the Human Interface Technology Laboratory (Hitlab) in Seattle.
Professional geologists, archaeologists and other scientists have directly refuted his claims about the central Bosnian hills; they have concluded – after direct analysis of the site, its known history, and excavations – that the hills are common natural formations known as flatirons with no signs of human construction.
In cell lines expressing rat 5-HT6 receptors, it acted as a partial agonist (on presumed silent receptors), while it acted as a full agonist on human 5-HT6 receptors (which are constitutively active).
In March 2013, Engility implemented a significant reduction in its auxiliary workforce, cutting about 40 percent of its accounting, human resources, and payroll departments, reducing its total of 7,800 employees by 4%.
A central aspect of this paradigm was the reconceptualization of human behavior as the behavior of social life.
The Rapid Action Battalion is accused of being the leading perpetrator of such human rights abuses, followed by the Bangladesh Police, the Directorate General of Forces Intelligence and the Bangladesh Army.
Fosmid clones were used to help assess the accuracy of the Public Human Genome Sequence.
The fibrocartilaginous effects of fibrochondrogenesis on chondrocytes has shown potential as a means to produce therapeutic cellular biomaterials via tissue engineering and manipulation of stem cells, specifically human embryonic stem cells.
The different understanding of the concept Time further causes Mou's disagreement with Heidegger's discussions of finitude of human beings.
From lifelong to single or serial sexual visitations, these relationships with un-freed slaves illustrate a radical power imbalance between a human owned as chattel and the legal owner of same; they are now defined, without regard for claims of sexual attraction or affection by either party, to be rape.
Bullying Prevention Manager for the Speak Truth to Power Program at the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights.
In this expanded role, Rodriguez is the chief of all human intelligence gathering (HUMINT) conducted by the U.S. government, including outside agencies.
Among his arguments, Irons states the death penalty infringes on two fundamental human rights, the right to life, and no-one shall be subject to torture, adding that while the person accused of a crime may have abused those rights, to advocate the same be done to them is to join them.
He was the Green Party spokesperson on Foreign Affairs, Defence, Ethnic Affairs, Pacific Affairs, Human Rights, Immigration, Police and Auckland Transport.
M. bovis is innately resistant to pyrazinamide, so the standard human treatment is isoniazid and rifampicin for 9 months.
She appears in a World War II flashback fighting Arnim Zola alongside Captain America, Bucky Barnes, the Whizzer, and the Human Torch android.
Jim Cohen (born August 6, 1942) is an American human rights activist, attorney, environmentalist, and former candidate for the United States Senate seat from Minnesota then held by Republican Norm Coleman.
He handled all kinds of appellate work, including mediation about water rights, university investigations and human trafficking.
Progress in Human Geography 32(1): 89–103.
In the U.S., the staff includes human resources of great experience like Daisy De La Cruz as Head of Promotion, Marlene Maseda as TV promoter and Jeff Young (and his Venetian Staff) as sales manager.
His best friend, Igor (Jaffar Bambirra), an agricultural worker, is his assistant in this romantic and chaotic adventure that also includes the human resources consultant of Trancoso, Alana (Fernanda Paes Leme), tough Monique.
McKenna's hypothesis concerning the influence of psilocybin mushrooms on human evolution is known as "the 'stoned ape' theory."
These decorative elements consisted of geometrical patterns, stylized plant motifs, and in more elaborate examples, human or animal figures.
The Central Intelligence Agency and Simon Wiesenthal also provided evidence of Josef Mengele – the infamous Nazi concentration camp doctor known as the "Angel of Death" for his lethal experiments on human subjects – being present in Colonia Dignidad.
 Macedonian Human Rights Committee - Australia
In February 2019, as a result of a complaint received by Roskomnadzor, YouTube has demanded that the Ukrainian Centre for Journalist Investigations remove a video about Emir-Usein Kuku, a Crimean Tatar human rights defender who has been arrested by Russian authorities in 2016.
Test on stem bark extracts of Mammea africana identified the presence of coumarin derivatives many identified in Mammea americana, such as mammea A/AA, mammea B/BB and mammea A/AB, the compounds showed inhibitory effects on microbial activity but also indicated moderate cytotoxicity of an human cell line.
According to ace fighter pilot and member of JV 44, Franz Stigler, "In a matter of seconds, Steinhoff had turned into a human torch".
A Concentration of disarticulated human bones was found on the floor of this structure, mainly skulls, jaws and long bones, most of the skulls display perforations in the apex, as well as two leg bones with traces of ropes Mecate (rein) tied in the ends.
His position is that children are the young of the human species that has a body that can make an infinity of different behaviors.
The Foreign Minister for Solomon Islands, Laurie H. Chan, visited New Delhi between 17–20 January 2005 and held bilateral talks with the Foreign Minister, Human Resource Development Minister, the Minister of State for Information Technology, and the Minister of State for Commerce & Industry.
The first legal protection for human rights in Canada related to religious freedom.
The species is often found close to human habitation and will frequently perch on rooftops.
Article 2 of the European Convention on Human Rights protects the right to life.
Macocael was a cultural hero worshipped as a zemi, who had failed to guard the mountain from which human beings arose.
Professor of Human Rights and Constitutional Guarantees.
The Indo-Greeks may have played a major role in breaking the Vedic tradition of representing deities through symbols only, rather than in human form, since Greek art did not have any such restrictions.
The book explores how the human species has lost the ability to breathe properly, shifting from the natural state of nasal breathing to chronic mouth breathing.
Retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) are born between embryonic day 11 and post-natal day zero in the mouse and between week 5 and week 18 in utero in human development.
He asked his readers to imagine themselves suspended in the air isolated from all sensations in order to demonstrate human self-awareness and self-consciousness, and the substantiality of the soul.
EMR1 expression in human is restricted to eosinophils and is a specific marker for these cells.
They are based on the structure of human fibronectin, more specifically on its tenth extracellular type III domain.
Michael K. Smith (Vermont official), secretary of human services for the state of Vermont, 2006–2008
That is to say that meaning is not, per modern or positivist views, found solely outside of the human mind, in the objective world, waiting to be discovered.
The Moroccan Association for Human Rights also provided the family of the Colonel with a platform where they could speak out.
Human rights in France are contained in the preamble of the Constitution of the French Fifth Republic, founded in 1958, and the 1789 Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen.
However, human motions such as climbing stairs are difficult to mimic with a machine, which ASIMO has demonstrated by taking two plunges off a staircase.
Prior to the Northern Mali conflict, human rights groups recorded "no recent reports of persecution, discrimination, or imprisonment on the basis of religious convictions or affiliation."
Kim So-hee (, sometimes given as Kim Sohŭi; December 1, 1917 – April 17, 1995) was an established South Korean traditional singer, designated officially as a human cultural asset in the heritage preservation programme for the folk opera genre pansori, which is fifth on the list of Important Intangible Cultural Properties of Korea.
Avi Ben Ezra, CTO of SnatchBot, told Forbes that evidence from the use of their chatbot building platform pointed to a near future saving of millions of hours of human labor as 'live chat' on websites was replaced with bots.
They were previously signed to LAB Records where they released their debut EP Human on 13 November 2015, follow up EP Like It Is on 12 May 2017 and 2018 EP Who Cares.
In 2013, Durack took up a place at Harvard University to study human development regenerative biology and play for the Harvard Crimson soccer team.
An art model poses, often nude, for visual artists as part of the creative process, providing a reference for the human body in a work of art.
Supporters of the transplant pushed back, claiming that saving a human life justifies the sacrifice of an animal one.
Adventure Time follows the adventures of a boy named Finn the Human (voiced by Jeremy Shada), and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake the Dog (John DiMaggio), who has magical powers to change shape and size at will.
Gupta also oversaw a wide range of other enforcement efforts for the Division, including prosecuting hate crimes and human trafficking, promoting disability rights, protecting LGBT rights, and combating discrimination in education, employment, housing, lending and voting.
He was one of the founding members of the Research Lab in Human and Social Ecology in 1979.
She sought to have the plan developed and established in order "to rescue and restore the victims and prosecute the offenders" of human trafficking.
Near the sun, spacecraft approach the station known as "The Forge," home base of a human group called Orchis.
He has worked in communications and human resources in both the public and private sectors.
While freedom of thought is recognized by Article 18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), freedom of thought can be distinguished from cognitive liberty in that the former is concerned with protecting an individual's freedom to think whatever they want, whereas cognitive liberty is concerned with protecting an individual's freedom to think however they want.
On The Spot's first three seasons were characterised by human interest stories around the world.
An example of normal measured values for a resting, healthy adult human is 120 mmHg systolic and 80 mmHg diastolic (written as 120/80 mmHg, and spoken as "one-twenty over eighty").
Establishing balance between men and women in the technology sector will help lay foundations for the creation of technology products that better reflect and ultimately accommodate the rich diversity of human societies.
In 1989, surveys found charcoal with the human remains, which may reveal more about their lifestyle and technological advancements.
In the early stages of infection, SARS-CoV-2 induces an even lower interferon type I (IFN-I) response than SARS-CoV, which itself is a weak IFN-I inducer in human cells.
Isako is, on the surface, extremely arrogant and antisocial, perceiving human relationships strictly as hierarchies of power and manipulation.
Human Nature & Jewish Thought: Judaism's Case for Why Persons Matter (Princeton University Press, 2015)
Also, since almost 75% of anticancer drugs are hydrophobic, and therefore demonstrate difficulty in delivery inside human cells, the use of micelles to stabilize, and effectively mask the hydrophobic nature of hydrophobic drugs provides new possibilities for hydrophobic anticancer drugs.
After Xi Jinping succeeded General Secretary of the CCP in 2012, human rights in China have become worse.
Obama "made history", said Human Rights Campaign president Chad Griffin, when Obama connected the struggle of gay couple to the equal rights movement writ large.
However, the earliest evidence of modern human habitation in the Centurion area does not go this far back.
The easiest way to visualize the mechanism of a step-growth polymerization is a group of people reaching out to hold their hands to form a human chain—each person has two hands (= reactive sites).
The council repudiated the Eutychian doctrine of monophysitism, described and delineated the "Hypostatic Union" and two natures of Christ, human and divine; adopted the Chalcedonian Creed.
July 9, Avner Inbar, an Israeli, taking a group of South African Human rights activists, that included Zackie Achmat and Edwin Cameronon, on a tour of Hebron reported that the group was verbally abused by settlers.
She became the party's Human Rights secretary, and in 2013, she was the fifth candidate in the Front for Victory (FPV) list for the Argentine Chamber of Deputies in the City of Buenos Aires.
The always dangerous often lonely struggle of journalists like Zamira Sydykova belongs to anyone who believes that our destiny is tied to securing the basic human rights of people everywhere, whoever they are.".
There is also proof that the mortuary practices of the region were varied and once thought to be evidence of human sacrifice.
The process is successful and Blonksy is restored to his human form, free of Tyrannus, whose mind is still occupying the form of the Abomination.
He added: "We cannot tolerate or turn a blind eye to racism and exclusion in any form and yet claim to defend the sacredness of every human life."
In the field of medical writing, he is perhaps best known for his new edition of Beschreibung des Ganzen Menschlichen Körpers (Description of the Entire Human Body) by Johann Christoph Andreas Mayer.
Once a year, on Twelfth Night, they were allowed to come on land, strip off their skins and amuse themselves as human beings, dancing and enjoying themselves.
EADA runs Full-time and part-time master's courses in different management areas, including marketing, human resources, finance, and operations.
Article 26 of the Basic Law of Governance holds that "The State shall protect human rights in accordance with the Sharia".
Objectives can be set in all domains of activities, such as production, marketing, services, sales, R&D, human resources, finance, and information systems.
Both also contain a secret moral shift: an advance in technology that has changed people's sense of what it is to be human, and the emotional punch of Klara, as with Never Let Me Go, comes from the fact that the central character doesn't know what is going on."
She has always been adept at creating people who are profoundly human, but she has also been the master of magic, of  creating  magic  that  feels  wild and larger than life and all-encompassing.
Human remains used to and still continue to be found at the site of the Battle of Changping around Gaoping.
 Sub-Committee on Human Element, Training and Watchkeeping (HTW)
The first three levels of the ETC reflect three established systems of human information processing: the Kinesthetic/Sensory (K/S level); the Perceptual/Affective (P/A level); and the Cognitive/Symbolic (C/S level) ...
Now strategy of the University is to provide human resources for cutting-edge areas of Russian science and technology, in prior economic development directions of the country, such as: information and communication systems; nanosystems and materials industry; power supply and conservation; biosystems; security and counterterrorism; transportation and aerospace systems; promising military equipment.
Because EU citizens could not vote in it, the party claimed that the Brexit referendum was illegal, violating the Lisbon Treaty and the European Convention on Human Rights.
The number of stab wounds in a murder case in the video game Detroit: Become Human.
This investigation revealed human artifacts ranging from the prehistoric to medieval periods, mostly focused on two ditches that were likely opened up in the Middle Iron Age (400-100 BCE) and closed in the Late Iron Age (100-50 BCE).
He received a Master's in Religious Studies from Barry University and a Master's in Human Resources from St. Thomas University.
The realization of the right to education on a national level may be achieved through compulsory education, or more specifically free compulsory primary education, as stated in both the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
For the last few decades, scientists studied the effects of acute and chronic ozone exposure on human health.
Occasionally skeletons of marine birds have been found and in some cases, human skeletons.
During the year the NGO Public Information and Need of Knowledge (PINK Armenia) documented 27 cases of alleged human rights violations against LGBTI persons, but only four victims sought help from the ombudsperson's office and none from law enforcement bodies.
The idea of monotheism implies the submission of the human being to the will of a single, eternal God".
In February 2013, the Court released its reasons in Saskatchewan Human Rights Commission v Whatcott.
The Greeks thus decided very early on that the human form was the most important subject for artistic endeavour.
He was appointed head of the Ministry of Tourism, which he assumed from January 1995 to January 2001, then as Minister Delegate to the Prime Minister, responsible for Communication, Human Rights and Relations with the Chamber of Deputies, a position he held from February 2001 to May 2002.
Both had developed an interest in human psychology and earned degrees in the subject in 1952.
Human rights in Romania are generally respected by the government.
Reedy Creek is a natural waterway whose flow, drainage, and destination have been altered over the years by human development.
After finding Blue Yonder suitable for human habitation, the astronauts returned home 820 years later, only to discover that Earth had been abandoned in their absence.
Minister of Human Settlements Tokyo Sexwale had previously indicated his intention to run for the presidency, but instead was nominated for the deputy presidency on the Motlanthe-aligned slate.
With scientists still working to determine exactly how perceptive bear eyes are, it is difficult to compare bear eyesight with human eyesight.
In the CSSR, researchers reported that "it is extremely likely that human activities, especially emissions of greenhouse gases, are the dominant cause of the observed warming since the mid-20th century.
As he encounters more people, he becomes more human and feels remorse for those he killed earlier on in their quest.
Jack and Trey board the plane under the guises of human traffickers Monroe and McGillicuddy while Isabella poses as one of the flight attendants.
Milgram's earlier association with Pool and Kochen was the likely source of his interest in the increasing interconnectedness among human beings.
Genotropism consists of the theory that genes influence human behavior.
Emotional prosody was considered by Charles Darwin in The Descent of Man to predate the evolution of human language: "Even monkeys express strong feelings in different tones – anger and impatience by low, – fear and pain by high notes."
Mary went on to found the Home Economics department (now the College of Public Health and Human Sciences) at Oregon State University.
The Chronicles books are unique amongst the Animorphs continuity in that they are told from previously largely unfamiliar aliens' perspectives, and not from one of the 5 main human points of view (nor Ax's, after being introduced), bar the beginning and end of The Hork-Bajir Chronicles, which are narrated by Tobias.
The arc eliminator will protect a human if they are standing in front of the arc flash event and the relays detect the arc flash by diverting the arc flash to another location, although the diversion may cause a system failure at the location the short-circuit was diverted to.
Both isomers were relatively weak inhibitors of human placental aromatase.
Throughout their battles, the Autobots are aided by three human children, and with their help attempt to protect the Earth from the villainous Decepticons, and their warlord and leader Megatron.
Separately, two explosions occurred in the towns of Afrin and al-Bab, which are both controlled by Turkey-backed fighters, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
Kenya's Solicitor General, Kennedy Ogeto, filed a notice of appeal to the appellate court and was seeking to have the Constitutional and Human Rights Division at the High Court suspend implementation of the orders it issued.
The fact-finding mission to the region in October 2012 was held in presence of FUEN President Hans-Heinrich Hansen, Member of the European Parliament François Alfonsi and Human Rights Without Frontiers Int’l (HRWF) Director Willy Fautre.
- Behavioural ecology of dolphins and impact of human activities on their lives: Much of the research work is based upon repeat observations of individually-recognisable dolphins, providing data for a range of long-term and ongoing studies on the abundance, site fidelity, home range, social structure and behaviour of this population.
Janet Rehnquist, former Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services
For 10 years, he was a manager in the Office of Advanced Concepts and Technology (Code C) at NASA Headquarters, and the lead for critical studies of space solar power, highly reusable space transportation, affordable human exploration approaches, and other topics.
According to a 2008 study by the American Journal of Human Genetics, 19.8% of the Portuguese population has some degree of Jewish ancestry.
Psychological behaviorism introduces new principles of human learning.
LSD was tested on "prisoners, mental patients, volunteers, and unsuspecting human subjects".
This is also the meaning of the worship of human progenitors, whether the Slavs' and Aryans' great forefather Or or Oryi, or local forefathers such as Dingling worshipped by Vladivostok Rodnovers.
Understanding Human Strategies for Belief Revision: Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Rationality & Knowledge (TARK) Halpern, J.
Molecular biology and genome editing technologies transformed the use of mice in cancer research by allowing researchers to develop animal models with specific mutations or that expressed human genes (transgenics).
In the time between PhD and habilitation Hausdorff completed the yearlong-volunteer military requirement and worked for two years as a human computer at the observatory in Leipzig.
Yet it is really an epic African saga that chronicles some fundamental modern issues such as crime, human trafficking, migration, poverty and xenophobia, while giving glimpses into the Somali clan system, repression in Ethiopia and lethal racism in townships."
The Whig interpretation of history, as it was later called, associated with scholars of the Victorian and Edwardian eras in Britain, such as Henry Maine or Thomas Macaulay, gives an example of such influence, by looking at human history as progress from savagery and ignorance toward peace, prosperity, and science.
It is also the most primal of the senses, as it is known to be the first indicator of safety or danger, therefore being the sense that drives the most basic of human survival skills.
Knauf's experiences of growing up with a disabled father who was not commonly accepted as a normal human strongly informed the story and its treatment of freaks.
He can transform into a human being (his most common ones being a young blond man vaguely identified as Miyu’s relative and whom Mikan once liked, a dark-red-haired woman passed off as a housewife from the neighbourhood, or Hōshō), an animal or an object.
Partnering with private firms, the UCN moved to establish human colonies in Alpha Centauri, a system occupied by two planets: Vekta, a rich Earth-like world (named after the CEO of the mining conglomerate Helghan, Philip Vekta), and Helghan, a barren wasteland named after the same company.
Team Human is a young adult novel co-written by Justine Larbalestier and Sarah Rees Brennan.
Nasr believes that only sacred science, which confirms the hierarchy of knowledge and sapiential teachings of the world religions, can check scientism, which he believes will grow in strength as scientific applications in the form of technology will continue to undermine the sanctity of the human person while simultaneously hastening the world's ecological degradation.
Face-detection algorithms focus on the detection of frontal human faces.
There are five other known types of tyrosinemia, all of which derange the metabolism of tyrosine in the human body.
Human brain mapping studies with altanserin 
When Aidan Turner got a call from his agent about auditioning for a new drama Being Human, Turner's initial reaction was to turn the offer down.
In 2008, the human rights organization Fundacion Sur noted that the country lacked a separate juvenile justice system that affords adolescents due process protections and the right to a legal defense in criminal cases and expressed concern that the broad discretion judges have in such cases increased the possibility of arbitrary rulings.
Human population increased in Tarangire area due both to natural increase and immigration of agriculturists from nearby regions of Kilimanjaro and Arusha.
J. D. Shutler, M. G. Grant, M. S. Nixon, and J. N. Carter, On a Large Sequence-Based Human Gait Database, A. Lotfi, J. M. Garibaldi Eds., Applications in Science and Soft Computing, Springer, pp.
He portrayed the vampire "Bishop" in the SyFy horror series Being Human in the first season, and also reprises the role in season 2 and 3 as both flashbacks and hallucinations.
The storyline of After the Bomb introduced a post-nuclear warfare setting centered around the eastern United States, where most of the area is populated by mutated animals that form the predominant societies, as opposed to the setting of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness where mutants live on the fringes of contemporary human society.
Approaches of this type familiarize participants with the international covenants and declarations of the United Nations system; train students to recognize violations of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; and promote tolerance, solidarity, autonomy and self-affirmation at the individual and collective levels.
Category I dams might result in loss of human life upon failure or improper operation; Category II would not.
He received a training grant from the World Health Organization Collaborating Centre for Research in Human Reproduction.
On the other hand, the United Kingdom is a party of the Good Friday Agreement of Northern Ireland, which requires that it has incorporate the European Convention of Human Rights in the law of Northern Ireland.
Moreover, when that happens, the biggest single source of death on the planet — let alone an enormous drain on human and environmental well-being, not to mention economic growth — will be vanquished.”
This is seen in sayings such as Huna I te huna a te moa ("Hidden as the moa hid") and "Dead as the Moa" (Wehi & Cox, 2018), as well as depictions of moa whereby Māori describe it as “having a human face and living in a cave,” (Armstrong 2010, p.329).
 Chief people officer (Chief human resources officer): Anne-Juliette Hermant
Her human preoccupations took her away from politics and she stuck to her mission and Gandhian ways.
In February 2016 Tudge was appointed Minister for Human Services in the Turnbull Government.
They have directed and produced the film Amen (2010) inspired from the life of the human right activist Harish Iyer.
outstanding in solid faith, good morals, piety, zeal for souls, wisdom, prudence, and human virtues, and endowed with other qualities which make him suitable to fulfill the office in question;
Natural revelation is the truth available to all people through their human nature and powers of reason.
The two left London for San Francisco at the beginning of 1967, just in time to witness and report on Michael Bowen's Human Be-In in Golden Gate Park, where they dropped acid (lysergic acid diethylamide or LSD) and listened to Timothy Leary tell the crowd that people living in cities should reorganize as tribes and villages.
 Watkins, Jennifer H.Prediction Markets as an Aggregation Mechanism for Collective Intelligence – Proceedings of 2007 UCLA Lake Arrowhead Human Complex Systems Conference, Lake Arrowhead, CA, 25–29 April 2007.
Among the courses he teaches are U.S. political history, human rights, constitutional law, American foreign policy, and baseball.
Animals with Human Intelligence (1993)
Other provisions draw on international criminal law and human rights instruments more broadly, including the Enforced Disappearance Convention, the Terrorist Bombings Convention, the Convention Against Torture, the UN Conventions on Corruption and Organized Crime, the European Transfer of Proceedings Convention, and the Inter-American Criminal Sentences Convention.
Establishment matters, human resource development, Information technology & e-Governance related matters and internal vigilance are the main functions of this wing.
Omer contributed to several publications especially reports on the implementation of human rights in Pakistan, however, the following report is one of many that was researched and written by her, "Authority without accountability: The search for justice in Pakistan".
Bamalli worked for the Metropolitan Management Agency before becoming head of human resources at Mtel, the mobile communication arm of the old Nigerian Telecommunications Limited.
Marx praised Kohl's work for German reunification, work for democracy and human rights, work for European integration, and his work to create a social market economy in Germany based on church teaching.
The California Governor's Office website lists nearly 200 worldwide scientific organizations hold the position that climate change has been caused by human action.
By contrast, classical physics explains matter and energy only on a scale familiar to human experience, including the behavior of astronomical bodies such as the Moon.
The Idea of Justice has been described by The Economist as a "commanding summation of Mr Sen’s own work on economic reasoning and on the elements and measurement of human well-being".
Melissa Runstrom from Michigan Daily called it a "charming independent story," but that it "seems to say more about the human condition than about any extraterrestrial plot".
The nomadic Karankawa Indians used the bay for hunting before the arrival of Europeans, but no major human settlements were ever established.
Although relatively tolerant of human interference, it is increasingly threatened by hunting and water pollution.
In machine learning, pattern recognition, and image processing, feature extraction starts from an initial set of measured data and builds derived values (features) intended to be informative and non-redundant, facilitating the subsequent learning and generalization steps, and in some cases leading to better human interpretations.
Nineteenth century cryptography, in contrast, used simple tables which provided for the transposition of alphanumeric characters, generally given row-column intersections which could be modified by keys which were generally short, numeric, and could be committed to human memory.
Giovanni Battista Morgagni publishes Adversaria anatomica, the first in a series in which he describes his observations of human anatomy.
The operation was completed without the consent of the sex workers in question and, according to EMPOWER, resulted in numerous human rights violations.
He co-founded YAS in 2007 as a group that documents and protests against human rights violations.
Evidence for this comes from lesion studies in human patients who have sustained damage to cortical areas through tumors or strokes, or from animal experiments in which cortical areas were deactivated by surgical lesions or other methods.
Human cells have been known to produce IAA in vitro since the 1950s, and the critical biosynthesis gene IL4I1 has been identified.
The theory agrees well with experiments on pure substances, but not for complicated environments such as the human body.
Her special legislative concerns included education, environment and natural resources, health and human services, family security, early childhood, jobs and energy.
However, human passengers not properly secured in their seats would often be thrown around inside with the momentum from the sudden position change.
Drexler's works often portrayed the human body in motion.
The disbanded group has dispersed into the countryside and have been committing mass atrocities according to Human Rights Watch.
The human and material loss of the martyrdom of Azevedo and his companions was certainly a momentary setback for the Jesuits in their project of conversion to Catholicism of the Brazilian Indians.
Anthony Giddens argues that functionalist explanations may all be rewritten as historical accounts of individual human actions and consequences (see Structuration).
Many of the proposals in the document, such as opposition to racism and weapons of mass destruction and support of strong human rights, are fairly uncontroversial, and its prescriptions that divorce and birth control should be legal and that technology can improve life are widely accepted today in much of the Western world.
This ability is not present at birth, and developmental psychologist Jean Piaget described six stages in the development of object permanence in human infants.
Radioactive contamination, also called radiological contamination, is the deposition of, or presence of radioactive substances on surfaces or within solids, liquids or gases (including the human body), where their presence is unintended or undesirable (from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) definition).
The problem facing the CPC was that unilinear view of history meant that China could not adopt socialism because it had skipped the capitalist mode of production, but a multilinear view meant that China did not need to adopt socialism because it was not a specific "stage in human evolution".
Many famous human right attorneys have been members, and some of them have grown into popular politicians including Roh Moo-hyun, the 16th president of South Korea, Park Won-soon, 35th·36th·37th Mayor of Seoul, and Moon Jae-in, 19th President of South Korea.
The devastation in the province was immense in terms of the human toll and heritage looting.
Zhang Dali's research on human bodies as a collective depository of an era continues in this series of sculptures, cast in fiberglass from migrant workers.
These panels addressed one source of resentment towards the Vietnam War by black soldiers, as "African Americans and Latinos paid a higher human price for the war".
On November 19, 2008, the press reported that Daschle had accepted Obama's offer to be nominated for Health and Human Services Secretary.
This book, published in 2004, is a more recent description of "the ways in which human demands are outstripping the earth's natural capacities, and how the resulting environmental damage is undermining food production on a global scale.
The book is notable for his theory that the ills of society, and in particular mental illness, are caused by the increasing demands of society on the human organism which is adapted for life in small, unpoliced, communities of equals, rather than the constraining power structures of modern societies which leave man anything but free.
Free elections were held in the country beginning in 1988, but a victory by the Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) in the 1991 parliamentary ballot sparked a military coup d'état and the imposition, in February 1992, of a state of emergency under which basic human rights were suspended.
It is often stated that the first published human case was reported in 1728 by the surgeon William Cheselden.
Artemisa Barbosa Ribeiro (known as Artemisa Xakriabá) is a Brazilian human rights activist.
Just as Althusser criticises the idea that a social theory can be founded on an historical conception of human needs, so does he reject the idea that economic practice can be used in isolation to explain other aspects of society.
Dieudonné appealed to the European Court of Human Rights, which rejected his case on 10 November 2015.
Towards the end of the movie, Rebecca is seen as a butterfly, beautiful girl and such a kind human.
The heroes of these short stories appear in the first pages as ordinary beings who could be human.
No one in that organization knew about human intelligence reports of the death camps, and only in the seventies did researchers learn the significance of the camp photographs.
In 2009 a lozenge-shaped figurine was discovered, which may have been carved 2500-3000 BC and is believed to be the earliest representation of a human face ever found in Scotland.
They attained modest diversity during the Oligocene and Miocene, but have since declined as a result of climatic cooling, oceanographic changes, and human interference.
The emergence of scale-free networks is not typical only of networks created by human action, but also of such networks as metabolic networks or illness networks.
October 27: Nearly 150,000 Hungarians and Székelys form a human chain in Covasna County for the autonomy of the Székely Land.
was a worldwide protest on January 21, 2017, to advocate legislation and policies regarding human rights and other issues, including women's rights, immigration reform, healthcare reform, the natural environment, LGBTQ rights, racial equality, freedom of religion, and workers' rights.
Mansoor, an engineer, blogger, and member of Human Rights Watch, was arrested the same day for signing a petition in favor of an elected parliament, and Dalk, al-Khamis, and Khaleq were detained for their online activities before the end of the month.
Human rights group Amnesty International assert that the universal state ownership of the media means that freedom of expression is restricted.
A modelling study determined that the lowest-observed-adverse-effect-level (LOAEL) of exhaust pollutants was about 12% of the human dose.
Telesphere is active with national charities, including the American Red Cross, Make-a-Wish Foundation, Southwest Human Development’s Adapt Shop, and the American Lung Association.
Tolkien believed that the primeval human understanding was, as he wrote in Tree and Leaf, "communion with other living things", now lost.
The EU commended the peaceful election process; however, they condemned the post-election violence and condemned how the government handled the situation and alleged human rights violations.
The CLEA model published by DEFRA and the Environment Agency (EA) in March 2002 sets a framework for the appropriate assessment of risks to human health from contaminated land, as required by Part IIA of the Environmental Protection Act 1990.
Her work captivates the splendor of the different patterns the human body can create across a stage by basic repeated movements such as skipping or turning.
A very basic example is that if the value is that rescuing people is good, different beliefs on whether or not there is a human being in a flotsam box leads to different assessments of whether or not it is a moral imperative to salvage said box from the ocean.
During a visit to New York, te Water represented South Africa at the newly founded United Nations (UN), where he fought hard to have the word dignity removed from the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights during its drafting stage.
She chaired the International Scientific Committee of the International Human Dimensions Programme on Climate Change and is an IPCC author.
The city funded its QRT unit through two, 3-year grants: $300,000 from the US Department of Justice and $1.05 million from the US Department of Health & Human Services.
Human rights and Jewish activism
In contemporary usage the term appears primarily in two contexts: where loins are "girded" in preparation for a challenge, or else euphemistically referring to human genitals.
 Human hip and knee joints
His oldest daughter, Christine Maria Czaja, published a biography of her father in 2003, titled Herbert Czaja: Anwalt für Menschenrechte (Herbert Czaja: Advocate for Human Rights).
Additional educational facilities included a 24-hour PC lab, wireless internet access in specified areas, world class equipment for nursing courses (including life sized dummies that simulate human beings, from breathing to giving birth), a TV studio, an Aerospace Centre (with its own plane), an on-campus radio studio, and two theatres.
To support human rights in the belief that all people are worthy of respect as long as they are not infringing on the rights or well-being of others.
The most shocking of information that leaked during Retief's tenure was that possible Human Right Violations were taking place in the Eastern Cape by the provincial government as municipalities fail to provide water.
After turning Kenny and allowing him to sleep, Aidan discovers that he had accidentally turned another human recently, and he has been drastically deformed as either a result of the virus or the werewolf blood, and soon worries that Kenny will have the same fate.
"Mutagenesis of the human apolipoprotein B gene in a yeast artificial chromosome reveals the site of attachment for apolipoprotein (a)."
Ballard called on the legislature to repeal the law, or add explicit protections for sexual orientation and gender identity, and has called for local human rights ordinances to be exempt from the statute.
Different countries have had different approaches when attempting to prevent human trafficking.
 Beiträge zur Lehre von den Eyhüllen des menschlichen Fötus, 1834 – Contributions to the study of the human fetus.
This ability depends on the physiology of the human speech organs.
If unaffected by human activity, ponds are often surrounded by trees as the local water table is typically raised because of the pond water.
Originally, when the town of Tull turns on Roland, Allie is seized by a townsperson and used as a human shield.
Their imagination makes the two more human and yet also destroys them.
It works the same as human insulin by increasing the amount of glucose that tissues take in and decreasing the amount of glucose made by the liver.
The Saskatchewan Human Rights Commission appealed to the Supreme Court of Canada, which decided to hear the case.
The Bahrain Centre for Human Rights protested the sentence, describing it as "a continuation of the Authority's policy in Bahrain to restrict civil society institutions".
 Geng He: Dissident, wife of human rights lawyer Gao Zhisheng
Since 2009, Diverse Issues in Higher Education has ranked Springfield College's School of Professional and Continuing Studies, formerly the School of Human Services, among the top three U.S. institutions for the number of bachelor's degrees awarded to African Americans in public administration and social services.
Recent works have also focused on developing AI-enhanced learning tools that support human teachers in coordinating classroom activities.
On their chosen planet, New York encounters the Interstellar Master Traders (IMT), a rogue city whose sacking of the planet Thor 5 damaged the reputation of Okies in general, and who have enslaved the local human population.
Some noteworthy Treatises include The Prince, The Wealth of Nations, A Treatise of Human Nature and Two Treatises of Government.
The idea of Sobornost was prominent in the VI volume: The Church and Human Society at the Threshold of the Third Millenium (Villanova University Press, 1974).
The Incredible Human Journey – video search on YouTube.
As with many of Korea's Intangible National Treasures, Seungmoo has been preserved by Human Cultural Treasures.
Its root is sama (सम) meaning – equal or even.Sāmya - meaning equal consideration towards all human beings - is a variant of the word.
The judgment states that Article 8 (right  to  respect  for  his  private  and  family  life, his home and his correspondence) and Article 13 (right have  an  effective  remedy  before  a  national  authority  notwithstanding) of the European Convention on Human Rights had been violated.
Trilling sees Sigmund Freud’s psychology as the "only systematic account of the human mind which, in point of subtlety and complexity, of interest and tragic power, deserves to stand beside the psychological insights which literature has accumulated through the centuries."
To compensate for this defect, Adel and Igor suggested the invasion on human world, which the emperor reluctantly agree.
Sequencing of the whole genome was approved as a priority by National Human Genome Research Institute in August 2004, Its participants also included the "Biomphalaria glabrata Genome Initiative" and the Genome Center at Washington University in St. Louis.
Auden's literary executor and biographer Edward Mendelson and others interpret the poem as an allegory of the human body, whose characteristics correspond to those of the limestone landscape.
Every new development project, whether public or private, must incorporate these features based on principles of good design and human scale."
Carr wrote that "There is so much excess and human pathology on display here, it makes Bonfire of the Vanities seem restrained."
Immanuel is also the founder of a charismatic religious organization called Fire Power Ministries; in her role as its founder, she has made fringe claims about other medical conditions, especially in relation to human sexuality.
In a later study, researchers provided rats dietary levels of magnesium that were reduced but still within the range of dietary intake found in the human population, and observed an increase in substance P, TNF alpha (TNFα) and Interleukin-1 beta (IL-1β), followed by exacerbated bone loss.
Human utilization of subsurface extraterrestrial environments (2002 NIAC Paper on living underground on Mars)
However, MetaTotoro, based on Polygames (an open-source project, initially developed by Facebook Artificial Intelligence Research and several universities), won four times in a row on the board of size 8 against the human player with the best ELO rank on LittleGolem, who was also the winner of various tournaments.
In the anatomy of the human ear, the perilymphatic duct is where the perilymphatic space (vestibule of the ear) is connected to the subarachnoid space.
She has a BA in human biology and a Masters in biology from Stanford University, and an MBA from the Haas School of Business at University of California, Berkeley.
Chapter 3: Underwater Physiology and Diving Disorders: The nervous system, the circulatory system, the respiratory system, respiratory problems in diving, barotrauma during descent, barotrauma during ascent, pulmonary overinflation syndromes, indirect effects of pressure on the human body, thermal problems in diving, special medical problems associated with deep diving, other diving medical problems.
Curt also put an inhibitor chip in his spine which prevents him from being violent as well as turn him to human form.
Hence it is possible that Thomas is meant to represent the earthly, human side of Jesus, while Jesus is entirely spiritual in his being.
Scientists have conducted tests on the rhesus monkey, and human trials began in late 2016.
The following table shows various data for CELAC member states, including area, population, economic output and income inequality, as well as various composite indices, including human development, viability of the state, rule of law, perception of corruption, economic freedom, state of peace, freedom of the press and democratic level.
In an (electronic) series hybrid cycle, human power is converted into electricity and is fed directly into the motor and mostly additional electricity is supplied from a battery.
These Digimon, collectively known as "Legendary Warriors", created artifacts from their data: the twenty "Spirits" (ten Human and Beast Spirits for the elements of fire, light, wind, ice, thunder, earth, wood, water, metal and darkness), before leaving the Digital World in the care of three Celestial Digimon, Ophanimon, Cherubimon and Seraphimon.
It was revealed by immunostaining experiments that in human preimplantation embryos there is a global DNA demethylation process.
Although, Hurston claims that she does not consider herself "tragically colored" but a regular human being, "At times I have no race, I am just me"(359).
There are two general types of distance measurement in mātauranga Māori, those based on the human body and those based on measuring stick or rope.
During three decades of his fieldwork in Northwest Alaska he established evidence of human occupation ranging as far back as 4,000 B.C.E.
In 2010, Russia was fined by the European Court of Human Rights under allegations by Alexeyev that cities were discriminating against gays by refusing to approve pride parades.
Operations managed include strategic systems deployment, teams of large-scale distribution operation, and human resources at an executive level.
The history of politics spans human history and is not limited to modern institutions of government.
The developers hoped to accommodate the fluid and often informal nature of human planning by providing users an interface with powerful organizational features while at the same time leaving the structure of that organization to the user's discretion.
Similar questions have also been raised regarding human language, although there are differences.
They argued, "We're fully human too!"
The title Samarāṅgaṇasūtradhāra is a compound word that literally means "architect of human dwellings", but can also be decomposed to an alternate meaning as "stage manager for battlefields" – possibly a play of words to recognize its royal author.
Somewhere in the shades of the centuries between the fall of the Mycenaean civilization and the end of the Greek Dark Ages, the original Mycenaean religion persisted and adapted until it finally emerged in the stories of human devotion, apostasy, and divine capriciousness that exists in the two great epic poems of Homer.
For instance, below ground of Room 12, a dual-hearth room believed to be used for ceremonial purposes, contained a bird burial near human burials.
Whereas modern martial arts are designed to develop human skills and physical and mental training from the physical point of view, focusing on sports-related competitions and constructing technical systems (e.g., judō and kendō), old martial arts are fundamentally not intended with an outcome of a winning match.
Although there are several naturally occurring forces that adversely affect the wetland regions of Louisiana, many believe it is human intervention that has caused the majority of the decline.
In his 2010 TED Talk on crowd-accelerated innovation, TED curator Chris Anderson preliminarily noted that human brains are "uniquely wired" to decode high-bandwidth video, and that unlike written text, face-to-face communication of the type that online videos convey has been "fine-tuned by millions of years of evolution."
Bluepeace, a non-government organization focused on environmental protection of Maldives reported that these mangrove areas absorbed much of the impact of the December 2004 saving the island from the destruction of property and loss of human lives.
Physicians for Human Rights documented attacks on 400 facilities (some multiple times) and the deaths of 768 health personnel between March 2011 and the end of July 2016.
Timewatch is a long-running British television series showing documentaries on historical subjects, spanning all human history.
Such was the intensity of human fascination with this magnificent predator, the only marine bear."
U.S. Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren wrote a letter to the U.S. Secretary of State to urge the US State Department to re-designate Vietnam on the US Countries of Particular Concern List due to its violations of human rights and religious freedom.
In the pre-Hispanic era, the Bajio saw the most human development due to the fertility of the soil and the presence of surface water for agriculture.
I love the way, at this critical point in the world, when fundamental human values are violated, The Wish Child reminds us with grace and understated wisdom of a need to strive for universal good.
originate in the human mind.
The murders and disappearances of opponents of the military regime in Brazil were investigated by the National Truth Commission (CNV), by state truth commissions, by human rights entities and by victims' own relatives.
However, the concept of alter egos and double spirits has appeared in the folklore, myths, religious concepts, and traditions of many cultures throughout human history.
Alanine is a nonessential amino acid, meaning it can be manufactured by the human body, and does not need to be obtained through the diet.
Burke was director of the American Society of Human Genetics (ASHG) from 2002 to 2004 and a member of its Social Issues Committee from 2004 to 2006.
The tree was cultivated early in human history and remains commonly planted.
Many cave paintings of human hands have shown missing fingers (none have been shown without thumbs), which suggests that these were cut off for sacrificial or practical purposes, as is the case among the Pygmies and Khoikhoi.
It is potentially pathogenic, and has been isolated from human and veterinary clinical specimens.
1984: Reality exists in the human mind, Jakin, 32: 87–103.
Data supporting the authors' conclusion that cottontop tamarin monkeys displayed pattern-learning behavior similar to human infants reportedly could not be located after a three-year investigation.
Civil rights are the human rights of every citizen".
Multiple individual human rights activists such as Nazand Begikhani and Dr. Widad Akrawi have also advocated for this view.
Committee charged with on-campus review of human resources office.
Various themes in Al-Sindi's writings, such as his opposition to erecting tombs and drawing human images, would be revived later by the Wahhabi movement.
The third film radically altered the original concept, making Pinhead into a purely evil demon of chaos, explained by Pinhead losing the human, 'orderly', part of himself during the previous film.
Despite being sentient, Ex and Press do not speak in human language.
Erwin Schrödinger, Science and the human temperament, 1935, Allen & Unwin, (biographical introduction by James Murphy, foreword by Ernest Rutherford)
An area of  surrounding the wildlife sanctuary was added as buffer zone to human settlements.
Mensch: An upright person; a decent human being (; cognate with German: ; OED, MW)
Overall, it did not "constitute a human health hazard".
In 2013, Uva was appointed as CEO of Italian Olympic Committee CONI SpA the operative company managing all Italian National Olympic Committee's assets, activities and administrative tasks, including the Human Resources.
He was the first President of the European Court of Human Rights in its new format after the ratification of Protocol 11, which opened up direct access for citizens from the 47 member states of the Council of Europe.
The Human Metabolome Database (HMDB) is perhaps the most extensive public metabolomic spectral database to date.
Geophilus proximus is a species of soil centipede in the family Geophilidae found in the northern part of the Palearctic and widespread across the entire Baltic basin, though it reaches as far as the Arctic Circle and has been introduced through human agency to northern, central, and eastern parts of Kazakhstan.
One of the ḍākinīs is shown devouring a human arm and a leg; the other two hold skulls (kapāla) in their right hands, and one holds a chopper in her left hand.
The avian influenza hemagglutinin binds alpha 2-3 sialic acid receptors, while human influenza hemagglutinins bind alpha 2-6 sialic acid receptors.
Increased interaction with clients will result in employees will become more emotionally engaged "as a result of first-hand exposure to their actions affecting a living, breathing human being" (p. 307).
In 2006, psychologist and attorney Christopher Barden drafted an amicus curiae brief to the Supreme Court of California signed by nearly 100 international experts in the field of human memory emphasizing the lack of credible scientific support for repressed and recovered memories.
"Views that extend to a distant horizon, with Mount Macedon in one direction and the blue expanse of the bay in the other", delineate the full extent of this human domain we live in.
Human remains of three people were found and are currently in the process of being identified.
), Comet/Asteroid Impacts and Human Society: An Interdisciplinary Approach, Springer-Verlag, Berlin.
Openness to experience is one of the five domains that are used to describe human personality in the Five Factor Model.
In 2008 the ACLU gave him an 18% rating, the Human Rights Campaign gave him a score of 0%, and the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights gave him a score of 4%.
On February 18, 2021, Lynn Pulou-Alaimalo was confirmed by the American Samoa House of Representatives as the American Samoa Government’s Human Resources Director.
Human resources recruiters from the natural gas industry, particularly those in the Marcellus Shale where Pittsburgh is located, began targeting Steeler bars nationwide for possible employees.
Diane Nguyen (voiced by Alison Brie; born March 19, 1980 in Boston, Massachusetts) is a human ghostwriter, a nice, well-reasoned, misunderstood intellectual, and a Vietnamese-American third-wave feminist from Boston who used to live with her rich and famous ex-boyfriend (and later ex-husband), former sitcom star Mr. Peanutbutter.
The Human Comedy (1943) - Mrs. Steed
The central thesis of Ardrey's series, namely that evolutionary characteristics are manifest in human social relations, has become widely accepted.
The trial was widely criticised by human rights organisations and the governments of other states, who condemned the Nigerian government's long history of detaining its critics, mainly pro-democracy and other political activists.
placental alkaline phosphatase (PLAP), vimentin, actin, desmin, alpha fetoprotein (AFP), OCT4, human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA)).
... Internally it speaks to me, as just a human, a person alone.
The spread of useless and undesirable information can have a detrimental effect on human activities.
Some sections of the original artwork are not included, for example in "ElfQuest: The Grand Quest Volume 11" a standalone story involving Tyleet and her adopted human son Little Patch is not in the volume, though later in Volume 13 Tyleet mentions Little Patch constantly while discussing the dream she had while encased for 10,000 years by the Preservers.
Iñupiat mythology has Raven create a human out of clay, who would later become Tornaq, the first demon.
As published by Rosenberg (2015), such real-time control systems enable groups of human participants to behave as a unified collective intelligence.
Benin is one of Africa's most stable democracies but the country is challenged by multiple economic and development factors, and the country ranks 163 out of 189 countries on the 2019 Human Development Index.
The area of the Mississippi River basin was first settled by hunting and gathering Native American peoples and is considered one of the few independent centers of plant domestication in human history.
Marshall Fine of The Huffington Post praised the film as being "a film that doesn't shy away from the depths to which human beings can sink, but it also shows the strength and resilience of which we are capable, even at our lowest moments."
Human Relations is a monthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on social relationships in work-related settings.
Verance claims on their website that, while the watermark is able to survive recording through microphones (such as recording a film in a movie theater with a camcorder), as well as compression and encoding, it is imperceptible to human hearing, and the presence of the watermark does not affect audio quality.
After military service he obtained a comparative anatomy position in the department of human anatomy at the London Hospital Medical College, followed by similar positions at Cambridge University and St. Mary's Hospital Medical School.
Segui was identified by Jason Grimsley as one of the players who had taken human growth hormone during his major league career (he was one of the players whose name was redacted on Grimsley's document).
In 2016, CIOMS joined The International Council for Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) as an observer.
Joanne Catherall, musician and member of synth-pop band The Human League.
More recently, writers and practitioners have begun to discuss development in the more holistic and multi-disciplinary sense of human development.
A more promising antidepressant drug candidate could hardly be imagined, and in January 1960 the behavioral psychopharmacology unit passed it on for human testing as an antidepressant, with its highest
Rajesh Shukla (2010) “The Official Poor in India, Summed Up”, Indian Journal of Human Development, 4 (2), 301-328.
His actions quickly remind him of Banner's own abusive father, reverting him back to his human form.
 Soil Fertility and the Human Species, American Chemical Society, Chemical and Engineering News, 1942
A panel of 16 microsatellite short tandem repeat (STR) markers that recognizes highly variable loci of human DNA is used in a PCR-based assay and analyzed by capillary electrophoresis.
Soon, human actors substitute for the puppets, and the action proceeds in a naturalistic fashion, until from time to time the kuroko intervene to accomplish scene shifts or heighten the dramatic intensity of the two lovers' resolve to be united in death.
However, being too devoted to Cocoloo, he is often seem extremely exaggerating events to others, even to much of the extent of lying, and always transforming as Cocoloo, trying to fool Nikolai and fooling the denizens of the Spirit World of his master's experiences in the Human World.
These deities, whose court is modeled on the bureaucratic structure of the earthly world, are said to maintain the order of nature and to govern the welfare of human beings.
According to oral tradition, Shiva created the rudra vina, with the two tumba resonator gourds representing the two beautiful eyes of either his wife Parvati or the goddess of arts and learning Saraswati, and the long dandi tube as the merudanda, both the human spine and the cosmic axis.
Unit 731 was specifically created by the Japanese military in Harbin, China (then part of Japanese-occupied Manchukuo) for researching biological and chemical warfare by carrying out human experimentation on people of all ages.
The following is a partial list of genes on human chromosome 16.
Originating in the Paleolithic period, these cave paintings exhibit the earliest traces of human life in El Salvador; these early Native Americans people used the cave as a refuge, Paleoindian artists created cave and rock paintings that are located in present-day El Salvador.
The uniqueness of the story is the ground reality which it is based on: what if a normal human being, working within the boundaries of a code of no killing, without the backing of billions of dollars, decides to take the law in his hands as a masked vigilante?
Ng believes that AI technology will improve the lives of people, not that it is an anathema that will "enslave" the human race.
He disagrees with the quantitative research methods of Collier and believes a stronger emphasis should be put on personal data and human perspective of the people in conflict.
Troopers, known as ODSTs or Helljumpers, often deploy in small, one-man Human Entry Vehicles (HEVs), referred to in-game as Single Occupant Exo-Atmospheric Insertion Vehicles (SOEIV), launched from spaceships in the upper atmosphere.
The Human Rights Council Working Group on Arbitrary Detention confirmed in their report (Opinion No.
 The Human Condition (1959–1961, Japan)
Because Sheridan is Human, he perceived him as being an angel.
Commonly, M. fujisawaense bacteria is not established as pathogenic; however, rarely it may cause human infection/disease, mostly in immunocompromised patients.
A Proto-Sino-Tibetan r-mi(j)-n gives rise to Old Chinese /*miŋ/, modern Chinese 民 mín "people" and to Tibetan མི mi "person, human being".
This prompted the development of the 2006 film San Ernesto de la Higuera produced by Isabel Santos, which won best short documentary at the 5th International Film Festival of Human Rights.
NASA's planning for eventual Human mission to Mars depends on tapping the local natural resources to make oxygen and propellant for launching the return ship back to Earth, and a lunar precursor mission is a convenient location to test such in situ resource utilization (ISRU) technology.
The Human Resources Statistics Program is responsible for collecting and disseminating data on STEM education and the STEM workforce.
The Final Five showed the Centurions how to make skinjobs and attempted to give them human characteristics (love, mercy), thinking that these characteristics would prevent war.
From January 2016, the managing board of SMA comprised the following members: Roland Grebe (board member for human resources and IT), Juergen Reinert (board member for operations and technology), Pierre-Pascal Urbon (chief executive officer, board member for strategy, finance/legal and sales).
These works usually begin with contemplations on the rarity of a human rebirth, impermanence, and karma.
According to a 2000 article in European Journal of Human Genetics, Moroccans from North-Western Africa, although still with many differences, are genetically closer to Southern Europeans than to Sub-Saharan Africans of Bantu ethnicity.
Human Rights Watch had argued that the tribunal should have been given jurisdiction over 14 other attacks perpetrated in Lebanon since 1 October 2004.
A number of early writers described human behaviour patterns similar to today's definitions of ADHD.
 Daniel Schacter, psychologist, neuroscientist, researcher in human memory
For example, he propagates the incorrect Galenic notion that a rete mirabile ("miraculous network") of blood vessels exists at the base of the human brain when it is in fact present only in ungulates.
Classical philosophy and sculptures of men and women produced according to the Greek philosophers' tenets of ideal human beauty were rediscovered in Renaissance Europe, leading to a re-adoption of what became known as a "classical ideal".
However, like other human rights, in practice it does not exist.
The Right to food is a human right for people to feed themselves in dignity, be free from hunger, food insecurity, and malnutrition.
During human birth, because of the variation in size of the pelvic region, the fetal head must be in a transverse position (compared to the mother) during entry into the birth canal and rotate about 90 degrees upon exit.
The remaining 408 acres, including the family home, are run by the Greentree Foundation, as a conference center dedicated to international justice and human rights issues.
He also, along with the Human Rights scholar and historian Elazar Barkan, is the founder of the "History, Redress, and Reconciliation" Seminar series at Columbia University.
For it seeks to create a unified conceptual apparatus which would supply a common basis for the whole of human knowledge.".
 The "Invisible Hand of the Free Market Man", a superhero figure whose head is shaped like a human hand
Goff sees hope in panpsychism to solve human indifference to the climate crisis.
Also found was a complete 2nd century Samian bowl and other pieces of pottery, including many broken sherds, and even human and horse bones.
It has been successfully applied to edit human genomes, and has started to displace RNAi as the dominant tool in mammalian studies.
She wants to experience life as a real human being.
It also has a site serving as the Tuskegee Visitor Center and is home to the Tuskegee Human & Civil Rights Multicultural Center.
In 2001, Paul co-founded the International Center for Transitional Justice (ICTJ), an international human rights organisation based in New York City.
Sarilumab, sold under the brand name Kevzara, is a human monoclonal antibody medication against the interleukin-6 receptor.
In July 2021, non-governmental organisation IFEX called upon the Bahraini government to immediately release prominent Bahraini human rights defender and academic Dr.Abduljalil AlSingace, who went on a hunger strike to protest against the degrading and punitive treatment he had been receiving from Jau Prison authorities.
These societies are organized and funded through federal programs administered as Human Resources Development Agreements (AHRDAs).
It is usually employed alone or mixed with formaldehyde as the first of two fixative processes to stabilize specimens such as bacteria, plant material, and human cells.
The Murabitun advocate personal rule as the Islamic and indeed natural form of human governance, taking authority for this position from extensive Qur'anic references.
Service to human society finds its fulfilment through the creation and transmission of culture.
Debuting as a member of the Socialist Party of Romania in his late teens, he formed the Socialist Workers Party of Romania, then the United Socialist Party, while also engaging in human rights activism and advocating prison reform.
Radelet has taught courses covering introductory sociology, criminology for both undergraduate and graduate levels, capital punishment for both undergraduate and graduate levels, sociology of mental health and illness for both undergraduate and graduate levels, graduate seminar on health professions, social and ethical issues in medical practice, human development, statistics, and social problems.
Human beings, along with apes, are the only mammals that do not have high frequency (>32 kHz) hearing.
Previous attempts to model this so accurately have been unsuccessful, with drugs being developed on the basis of efficacy in pre-clinical murine models demonstrating no effect in human trials.
Dense infestations of a poultry house cause much biting stress and loss of production to the birds, and human workers in the houses are bitten.
The Frigians are often attacked by giants three times the size of a normal human.
Activists protested at Human Resources and Social Services Minister Diane Finley's offices in Ottawa.
During the meeting on 1 April 2012, Friends of Syria in Istanbul the Minister of foreign Affairs of the Republic of Albania, Edmond Haxhinasto said that the issue of human rights is a responsibility of the international community.
On 15 June 2016, at the invitation of its President, Kanade addressed the 32nd session of the UN Human Rights Council on the topic of ‘Operationalizing the Right to Development for Implementing the SDGs’, as part of a special panel convened to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the 1986 UN Declaration on the Right to Development.
In 1923, the school's founders wrote, "Burroughs was established upon the conviction that each child has latent possibilities of power, and that it is the chief purpose of the school to cooperate with parents in discovering, fostering and developing that power so that in adulthood he shall make his contribution to the improvement of human society.
Recently, thousands of novel snoRNAs were identified from small RNA sequencing datasets in human, mouse, chicken, Ciona intestinalis, Drosophila melanogaster, Caenhorhabditis elegans and Arabidopsis thaliana using snoSeekerNGS program.
Speaking about McArthur's presence in the film, Marshall said that "it became increasingly clear that I needed a central human narrative to help anchor the animal stories, and Jo was that natural fit for me".
Another study revealed that after undergoing training to solve a simple manipulation task, dogs faced with an unsolvable version of the same problem look at the human, while socialized wolves do not.
 2003 Personal Paradigms: A Game of Human Experience, text and image by Julie Chen.
Ignorance of the effects of human activity on fish populations may endanger fish species.
The Region 12 office of the Commission on Human Rights (CHR) says that the local police might be responsible for the killing citing a "dying declaration" it retrieved from the relatives of the ninth victim who died in a hospital alleging that police officers were responsible for the incident.
On December 18, 2008, the comic strip Archie began occasionally referencing the blog's recurring "Archie Joke-Generating Laugh Unit 3000" joke, in which the strip is allegedly written by a sentient computer program which continually tries (but fails) to understand genuine human interaction.
The band confirmed in late 2009 that Be Human would be re-released as a deluxe version containing four or five new songs.
Consumed with hatred, the Mess slaughtered the human responsible before escaping.
The dig found a stone-lined grave containing some scorched human bones plus some lead ore.
As a leading member of a group of economists known as the Chicago School of Economics, Mincer and Nobel Laureate Gary Becker helped to develop the empirical foundations of human capital theory, consequently revolutionizing the field of labor economics.
Acres of Skin: Human Experiments at Holmesburg Prison is a 1998 book by Allen Hornblum.
In the UK, investigations into incidents such as the sinking of the MS Herald of Free Enterprise passenger ferry (Sheen, 1987), the Kings Cross underground station fire (1987) and the Piper Alpha oil platform explosion (1988) raised awareness of the effect of organisational, managerial and human factors on safety outcomes, and the decisive effect of 'safety culture' on those factors.
One of the earliest known depictions of a torc can be found on the Warrior of Hirschlanden (6th century BC), and a high proportion of the few Celtic statues of human figures, mostly male, show them wearing torcs.
Afterwards Delphine washes her face with human blood harvested from her slaves as a beauty treatment.
Geoffrey Bindman – human rights lawyer.
It was first used in human beings on March 8, 1934, by Dr. Ralph M. Waters in an investigation of its properties, which were short-term anesthesia and surprisingly little analgesia.
Each piece is a commentary on the endless prioritisation of work and achievements over the wellbeing of the human body.
Human trafficking in the Ivory Coast refers to the practice of forced labour and commercial sexual exploitation which uses Côte d'Ivoire a source, transit, and destination country for women and children who are trafficked for these purposes.
As countries entered, the puzzle pieces were assembled on the stadium floor to create a mosaic of the human heart using the photos.
Phage therapy has many potential applications in human medicine as well as dentistry, veterinary science, and agriculture.
According to investigative journalists and human rights organizations, the death toll was 23 people.
The Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the United States Department of State and sociologist Susan J. Palmer have classified the International Raëlian Movement as a religion.
After months of denial by the Ethiopian authorities that massacres occurred during the Tigray War, a joint investigation by OHCHR and the Ethiopian Human Rights Commission was announced in March 2021.
Her A Critique of Postcolonial Reason, published in 1999, explores how major works of European metaphysics (e.g., Kant, Hegel) not only tend to exclude the subaltern from their discussions, but actively prevent non-Europeans from occupying positions as fully human subjects.
In the sequels, the escaped Autons attempt to awaken several dormant Nestenes put in place since before the development of human civilization.
 Stop HB2 – Equality NC and Human Rights Campaign
More specifically, Machiavellianism captures a suspicious versus trusting view of human nature which is also captured by the Trust sub-scale on the agreeableness trait.
In Yesterday – Tomorrow, Babej adapts defining characteristics of ancient Egyptian art, such as aspective representation (the simultaneous representation of the human body from multiple perspectives in two-dimensional media), the canon of proportions and the integration of images, symbols and text.
Both the mountain and lake acquire a human dimension in the character of Don Manuel, evidenced in the quote “Ya toda ella era don Manuel, don Manuel con el lago y la montaña” ("now everything was don Manuel, don Manuel with the lake and the mountain.")
When photos were added, Eda Zahl was the first human being to grace the cover of the magazine, wearing diving apparatus.
Browne's response to this accusation was that she did not like how Oliver normalised sexuality, believing that there was "more in human nature than most people will admit" and that to enforce complete abstinence on anyone despite circumstance was unfair and "stupid".
Still, this approximately matches the performance of the human auditory system.
Germany has held two truth commissions on human rights violations in the former East Germany.
 Indian classical music is based on a rich vocal tradition, wherein even instruments are evaluated on their ability to follow the human voice, imitate it, or recreate the same expressions.
The attitude of ethnographers towards the subject of study was one of supposed scientific detachment, as they undertook the – self-serving and Eurocentric – mission of identifying, classifying and arranging cultural groups worldwide into clearly defined socio-cultural evolutionist stages of human development.
The Flats received little human impact until the late 19th century, when the lumber industry expanded to this area.
Larvae are found on fresh and decaying vegetation, fruit, sugar cane, maize, coconuts, tree sap, carrion, human corpses, and root nodules, particularly in the genus Rivellia, which has economic implications for legume crops.
He recommends Roark to Hopton Stoddard, a wealthy acquaintance who wants to build a Temple of the Human Spirit.
In addition, human auxiliaries (Gue'vesa in the T'au language) are sometimes seen to be aiding the T'au as well.
In the age where Shadow Games were used to determine a person's fate, these Priests used the Millennium Items and sorcery to pull out and seal human souls (Ka), which take the form of Monsters Spirits, into stone slabs to do battle; usually from criminals and those who pilfer from the tombs of the Pharaohs.
The initials "BEL" or paratridecadal cycles have since been suggested to explain various other long-term cycles including those affecting economics, human physiology, and historical events.
Griffin published five books:  Wittgenstein’s Logical Atomism (1965); Well-Being: Its Meaning, Measurement, and Moral Importance (1988); Value Judgement: Improving our Ethical Beliefs (1996); On Human Rights (2008); What Can Philosophy Contribute to Ethics?
A superantigen such as TSST-1 stimulates human T cells that express VB 2, which may represent 5-30% of all host T cells.
The May 1st, 1982 SAT had a question concerning this problem, and, due to human error, had to be regraded after three students proved there was no correct answer among the choices.
Ezra held a pessimistic view of the West, at a time when Europe was dominated by the regimes in Germany and Russia, which were responsible for widespread human rights abuses.
On 6 December 2019, China's Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying accused the US of hypocrisy on human rights issues relating to allegations of torture at Guantanamo Bay detention camp.
Zoe Konstantopoulou is the Leader of the Political Movement Course to Freedom (Plefsi Eleftherias) and the former President of the Greek Parliament, a lawyer, member of the Athens and the New York Bars, specialized in National, European and International Criminal Law, Public International Law and Human Rights.
Other glycosylases have since been found to follow the same general paradigm, including human UNG pictured below.
The show also aired part of an audio recording provided by Van der Sloot, which he alleged is a phone conversation between him and Paulus, in which Paulus displays knowledge of his son's purported involvement in human trafficking.
They are not entirely metabolized by the human body.
The art gallery in SMM has collection of images pertaining to human sexuality.
Her figurative work of the late 1980s and early 1990s confronted subjects such as AIDS and gender, while recent works have depicted the human condition in relationship to nature.
The werewolf is a shapeshifter, and can take on the forms of a wolf and a human in addition to his werewolf form.
 National Uvula Association — In this "public service dramatization," sister Laraine Newman and house-call doctor Chevy Chase advise Gilda Radner and the audience to take proper care of the uvula, without ever saying what the uvula actually is (a small piece of flesh hanging from the rear of the human mouth's soft palate that requires little, if any, maintenance).
As an interim step, the skeleton was placed for safekeeping at the National Museum of Australia's human remains storage facility.
In 2017, during the Australian Marriage Law Postal Survey regarding same-sex marriage, Wilson was on the "No" side, defining marriage as being only "between a man and a woman" with "its fundamental role in raising children as part of God’s divine plan for the human family".
In April 2018 he was deported from Bahrain Airport with Danish MP Lars Aslan Rasmussen when they attempted to gain access to Bahrain to visit jailed Danish citizen and human rights defender Abdulhadi Al Khawaja.
Some human rights activists and groups accused the government of not following WHO rules and regulations for cremations related to COVID-19 deaths.
He was appointed to serve on the 1994 Advisory Committee on Human Radiation Experiments, established by President Bill Clinton to investigate some 30 experiments in which individuals were unwittingly exposed to radiation.
Science historian Edward Grant writes, "If revolutionary rational thoughts were expressed [in the 18th century], they were only made possible because of the long medieval tradition that established the use of reason as one of the most important of human activities".
The three primary goals of the project are to better understand how the pieces of the brain fit and work together, to understand how to objectively diagnose and treat brain diseases, and to use the understanding of the human brain to develop neuromorphic computers.
His main interests were in safeguarding human rights and the Constitution.
Dytiscidae are aquatic in both the adult and larval stages of their life cycles; thus, the beetles play a role in colonizing submerged human corpses.
The Great Way is how and where the human body is transformed into an immortal body.
High Court and Human Rights Commission
Five special nature sanctuaries are protected from any human disturbance.
There lies a problem in the human cell's ability to form a blastocyst; the cells fail to progress past the eight cell stage of development.
The specific dosage was extrapolated from human data, but there hasn't been any data to suggest protection.
On 10 October 2009, to celebrate the horse's tenth anniversary, locals walked onto the horse, including the Mayor of Devizes, to form a human "10" figure.
 The Jan Patočka Archive, Vienna, Institute of Human Sciences
The monks and nuns obey the rituals of the Greek Orthodox Church in this austere environment, remote from modern human life in every sense with the strong rhythm of prayer and asceticism.
The excitement phase (also known as the arousal phase or initial excitement phase) is the first stage of the human sexual response cycle, which occurs as a result of physical or mental erotic stimuli, such as kissing, making out, fantasizing or viewing erotic images, that leads to sexual arousal.
Dominic McGoldrick writes that as the head of a "highly centralised and oppressive" dictatorship, Josip Broz Tito wielded tremendous power in Yugoslavia, with his dictatorial rule administered through an elaborate bureaucracy which routinely suppressed human rights.
In 2021, the European Court of Human Rights extended its jurisdiction to referendums in its judgment Toplak and Mrak v. Slovenia, initiated by two disabled voters over polling place access.
In an episode of Lost Girl, the main villain of the episode reveals that some people call him Slender Man but most know him as the "Pied Piper" and makes a reference to luring away human children.
Vaihinger describes human knowledge as erroneous and contradictory and asks how to explain the fact that one can still arrive at the right thing based on these false assumptions.
"Carpets can 'get laid' and bugs can 'have sex,' but 'making love' is something uniquely human.
MMP genes are clustered in q region of human Chromosome 11 including matrilysin, collagenase-1, stromelysin1, stromelysin-2, and metalloelastase genes.
Continuities in Sociological Human Ecology (1998) 
Rights based approaches view poverty and vulnerability as rooted in power relations – specifically, the denial of power, which is itself related to the denial of human rights.
The mission to bring it back to life led to her philosophy of “positivity” - the fundamental human desire to follow our incredible imagination - and that individuals possess their own kind of “music” and beauty unique to themselves.
Her names derive from the verbal roots "decay, rot", and they are both associated with the decomposition of human bodies.
Researching this show asked us to take a long, hard look at the darkness of the human psyche.
Lynn also began to more actively train foreign students in Japan to undertake human rights missions while on jaunts around Asia.
In the wake of that event, Guatemala's human rights ombudsman, Ramiro de León Carpio, succeeded as president, according to the constitution.
Her following two albums Moving Out (2007) and Human (2009) failed to chart anywhere.
DMB inhibits microbial trimethylamine (TMA) formation in mice and in human feces, thereby reducing plasma trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) levels after choline or carnitine supplementation.
And each may transmit to the Human Rights Council reports of individual cases when a state is the subject of a Universal Periodic Review.
SAAL1 is ubiquitously expressed at moderate levels across all human tissues with highest expression in testes as determined by RNA-sequencing and microarray expression profiling.
The sand dunes begin to form around trees and clumps of grass that block the wind's path and continue to shift in size and shape depending on weather patterns and human interference.
In 2004, the Turkish gang leader Necati Arabaci was sentenced to 9 years in prison for pimping, human trafficking, assault, extortion, weapons violations and racketeering.
Previous human studies have shown an association between temporal lobe dysfunction and altered sexual behavior.
Applicable to Israelis and Palestinians is the Convention on the Rights of the Child, a human rights treaty setting out the civil, political, economic, social, health and cultural rights of children.
He finds a watersnake (a bizarre creature that is a snake with a human hand as its head; is made of a semi-transparent fluid; has the ability to float in air) that has been captured by a giant plant that resembles a venus flytrap, and rescues the strange creature from its clutches.
He has also studied human rights in the University of Strasbourg.
By 1992 Santos earned a bachelor's degree from Mercer University (with a degree in human resources management).
Orhan Kemal Cengiz, Turkish lawyer, journalist and human rights activist
They also noticed that unlike human patients, the unusual movements in the monkeys were mainly in the lower extremities.
O'Brien was the author of several volumes of poetry, including Breathing, and an autobiography entitled, How I Became a Human Being: A Disabled Man’s Quest for Independence, written with Gillian Kendall.
In 2005, Bailey said that new data convinced him that the earth is definitely warming and that the likely cause is human activity.
The abundance of elements in specialized environments, such as atmospheres, or oceans, or the human body, are primarily a product of chemical interactions with the medium in which they reside.
His sporadic later work for Timely included Human Torch and Sub-Mariner stories in Captain America Comics and elsewhere.
In 2008, UK scientists expressed concern over the possibility of a second wave of human cases due to the wide exposure and long incubation of some cases of vCJD.
In it he presented the future German state under National Socialist rule as a "father's house" (Vaterhaus), a safe place which would keep in the "right human elements", and keep out those which were undesirable.
The hospital supports the Human Tissue Resource Network by housing a constitute organization called the Tissue Procurement Shared Resources.
The Cherchen man and his companions were natural mummies meaning that unlike the well known Egyptian mummies, they became mummies from exposure to their ambient environment, as opposed to intentional human practices.
Some 70% of individuals with PBL are infected with EBV and/or (particularly those with oral/nasal cavity disease) human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
It has both low human population densities and little immigration.
The Convention obligated signatories to establish parks and reserves and limit human settlement therein, to domesticate useful animals, and to prohibit unsportsmanlike methods of take.
The purpose of PHASR was to determine radiation energy-spectrum and dosage data with application toward understanding the long-term impact of radiation on human spaceflight.
However it was not until 1889 that the first human case was described by Levinson when he found the Gnathostoma larva in an infested Thai woman.
Fragile X syndrome is the most "translated" human neurodevelopmental disorder under study.
She posthumously received multiple awards for her courage from the United States government, and the Tamgha-e-Pakistan from Pakistan, an award given for showing great human kindness.
In 1900, during an address to the International Congress of Mathematicians in Paris, Hilbert suggested that answers to problems of mathematics are possible with human effort.
Icrucumab (IMC-18F1) is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of solid tumors.
The 2020 COVID-19 pandemic required faster production capability of mRNA vaccines, made them attractive to national health organisations, and led to debate about the type of initial authorization mRNA vaccines should get (including emergency use authorization or expanded access authorization) after the eight-week period of post-final human trials.
One reviewer described the series as "devoted to quite a few of the darker, more callous factors of human nature."
An early reference to a book bound in human skin is found in the travels of Zacharias Conrad von Uffenbach.
Mary Robinson (born 1944) was President of Ireland from 1990 to 1997 and United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights from 1997 to 2002.
American economist Mark Skousen praised the film, writing in Human Events, "The script is true to the philosophy of Ayn Rand's novel."
(2006) American Journal of Human Biology 18 (1), 59-65
Fit: This matches the computer design, the user, and the task to optimize the human resources needed to accomplish the task.
This is a central tenet of Cosmicism, which Lovecraft emphasizes in the opening sentence of "The Call of Cthulhu": "The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents."
His findings were delivered to the UN Under-Secretary for Human Rights in Geneva on May 9, and to the President of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe on May 10, 1990.
It carries implications for various domains of skilled human activity, often performed under extreme stress and/or under the scrutiny of audiences or evaluators.
Investigators have considered links to Chinese American organized crime; there is evidence the Chens may have been involved in illegal gambling and/or the human trafficking of undocumented immigrants from China.
Ecosemiotics is a branch of semiotics in its intersection with human ecology, ecological anthropology and ecocriticism.
Rather than organizing party work, PRT cadres became active in social organizations, primarily focus on human rights and peace promotion, in Bolívar and Sucre.
An atomic war on Earth drives a family to flee to a human colony Mars.
Eddie was an enhanced-victim-recovery dog (EVRD, or cadaver dog) who gave a "bark alert" to the scent of human cadavers, including shortly after the death of the subject, even if the remains were buried, incinerated, or in water; he was trained to bark only in response to that scent and not for any other reason.
 Patricia (Quon/Perez) Martinez (born 1942), member of the Kern County Human Relations Commission 1997–2001; member of the Delano Joint Union High School District Board of Directors 2000–04.
(I) Introduced - a species established in North America by direct or indirect human intervention; synonymous with non-native or non-indigenous (eight species)
She was awarded a doctorate honoris causa ad gradum (honorary degree) by the Faculty of Human Sciences at the Mid-Sweden University in Östersund in 2006.
According to Ali Zaidi, Nasr and other Traditionalists regard modernity as an "anomaly" in world history, "a renewed jahilliya or "an Age of Ignorance", because forgetfulness of the Sacred becomes dominant only in modern Weltanschauung, despite the fact that such forgetfulness has always been a feature of human existence.
Almada's book has raised debate about human rights all over the world.
The fungus Pseudogymnoascus destructans, or a closely related species of fungus, has been found in soil samples from infected caves and suggests that it can be transported from cave to cave by soil, such as that carried by human clothing.
To avenge herself on Merton, she and Dickon manufacture a scarecrow, bring it to life so that it resembles a human, and take him to Merton's house, with the intention of having the Scarecrow seduce Merton's niece, Rachel, away from her fiancé just before their wedding.
One of the worst points for guerrillas is also cut off, as these pests of the human race could, from the isthmus, attack a vessel on one side and be ready to meet her on the other as she came around; the distance being 10 miles around and half a mile across."
In the same work he also exposes his ideas which involved the need to prepare human resources in aeronautics, in addition to making the country technologically independent.
Additionally, mouse and human PAX6 have identical amino acid sequences.
Lisa E. Brummel (born 1959/1960) is an American businesswoman who served as Executive Vice President of Human Resources for Microsoft until her retirement on December 31, 2014.
He has further highlighted the way human behavior, activities and actions have given birth to inequalities and as a result,  man has become oppressive or oppressed.
Spero and Golub were equally committed to exploring a modernist representation of the human form, with its narratives and art historical resonances, even as Abstract Expressionism was becoming the dominant idiom.
Her research has considered the relationships between gender, equity, human rights, marginalisation and global health, with a focus on tropical health and non-communicable diseases.
Explicit legal prohibition of human sexual contact with animals is a legacy of the Abrahamic religions: the Hebrew Bible imposes the death penalty on both the person and animal involved in an act of bestiality.
In 1993, she made a complaint with the Ontario Human Rights Commission over lack of accessibility in cinemas operated by Famous Players Theatres; in 2001 the commission ruled in her favour, however two cinemas were closed instead of being made fully accessible.
David Ehrlich wrote in IndieWire that Thelma was "an ominous, unnerving, and strangely powerful thriller about the most devious of human desires" and "consistently keyed in to the persuasive power of the female body".
"Never Change" is the third single to be taken from Fightstar's third studio album, Be Human and was released on 20 July 2009.
It has been inferred by analogy with the strikingly similar 3' UTR sequence in mouse laminin gamma 1 cDNA, that multiple polyadenylation sites are utilized in human to generate the 2 different sized mRNAs (5.5 and 7.5 kb) seen on Northern analysis.
In 2009, Halvorssen founded a global gathering of human rights advocates called the Oslo Freedom Forum.
Seeker's Automated Flight Manager (AFM) is a FSW application that allows the vehicle to function highly independently of human input.
The law officers advise on whether Bills are compatible with the Human Rights Act 1998.
Some of his justifications for establishing colonial rule included spreading Christianity and ending barbaric practises by African such as human sacrifice.
The World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS) Declaration of Principles adopted in 2003 reaffirms democracy and the universality, indivisibility and interdependence of all human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Access to water and sanitation was declared a human right by the United Nations General Assembly on 28 July 2010.
The intense human tragedy of the scene is expressed through the menacing sky which takes up a large portion of the canvas in vertical format which was unusual for the artist.
Players control Noble Six, a member of an elite supersoldier squad, when the human world known as Reach falls under Covenant attack.
Most of the Pokémon in the manga series can speak a human language.
The existence of the camp was kept secret by the communist authorities for many years; it was only when human remains were discovered during roadworks in 1996 that it came to the knowledge of historians and the wider public.
His work betrays his fascination with time, space and how one negotiate the human existences with these dimensions.
If a Kapre befriends a human, especially because of love, the Kapre will consistently follow its "love interest" throughout life.
In order to avoid human extinction, Rees advocates control of scientific research worldwide, and control of open access to such research.
The centre teaches men and women about respecting women's rights which are in tandem with basic human rights.
The story centers on the fate of seven ancient gods who are reincarnated in the human world at different epochs, each one of them has a mirror to represent their own powers, therefore "The Seven Mirrors".
Once the larva is established in the proboscis and the fly takes its next human blood meal, the cycle of infection continues.
: "Progesterex": Horse and Human Sterilizer, date rape drug, or Urban Legend?
One leader wrote, "We consider God, and him alone, infallible; therefore his revealed word to us cannot be doubted, though we may be in doubt some times about the knowledge which we obtain from human sources, and occasionally be obliged to admit that something which we had considered to be a fact, was really only a theory."
He formerly served as the Director of the International Centre for Human Development (IC4HD), New Delhi.
In a given case the human life was saved, but generally the state has to pay attention to the needs of terminally ill people, especially those released from custody and needing immediate professional help.
Before the Gaganyaan mission announcement in August 2018, human spaceflight was not a priority for ISRO, but it had been working on related technologies and it performed a Crew Module Atmospheric Re-entry Experiment and a Pad Abort Test for the mission.
Visualizing the entire hierarchical network as a human skeleton, the core network would represent the spine, the backhaul links would be the limbs, the edge networks would be the hands and feet, and the individual links within those edge networks would be the fingers and toes.
The album contains a conscious style, with lyrics filled with Nuwaubian teachings of Dr. Malachi Z. York and different theories of the creation and destination of the human soul.
In 1897, Bhabha entered academia when she joined the University of Chicago as the Director of the Human Rights Program – an appointment she continued till 2001.
ATX-II is highly potent at voltage-gated sodium channels subtype 1.1 and 1.2 (Nav1.1 and Nav1.2) with an EC50 of approximately 7 nM when tested in human embryonic kidney 293 cells lines.
After some of these operations, government prosecutors and/or human rights organizations blamed officers and members of Colombian Army and police units for either passively permitting these acts, or directly collaborating in their execution.
So, while her husband managed the museum, Kohts carried on psychological and comparative experiments, exploring the similarities and differences between human and animal behavior and intelligence.
On June 20, 1996, the Canadian Human Rights Act (CHRA, ) was amended to include sexual orientation as a protected ground.
Later they recruited Migueloud of the Spanish death metal band Human Mincer as the second guitarist.
The subsequent occupation of Manchuria provided an environment conducive to Ishii's research as human test subjects "could be plucked from the streets like rats."
Gray's teaching subject areas included Christology, women in the church, faith and culture and the theology of the human person.
Although Jack is described as human, he is often the focal point of strange phenomena that occurs in Kanto.
Given a database of interest, these tools can often - when the data formats are highly structured -convert the data into an RDF representation without human intervention, first determining what ontology to use to express the information.
According to Human Rights Watch, regardless of how often persons are convicted of buggery or gross indecency, "the arrests themselves send a message."
Frequent antagonists of successive Phantoms are the depraved inhabitants of the "Eastern Dark" region (also known as "Dakk") who carry out human sacrifice and drug trafficking.
When Andersen was assailed with doubts regarding the soul's immortality, he reverted to his child faith and could not bring himself to suggest that the human being is simply dispersed as gases and other substances to fertilize the earth at death as the scientific Niels Bryde does in Andersen's 1857 novel To Be or Not to Be.
In 2013, the Human Rights Campaign gave him a score of 0 on its Congressional Scorecard.
3) Even if there are some universally agreed statements, it is just the ability of the human brain to organize learned ideas/words, that is, innate.
Human Cognitive Neuroscience, which studies memory, attention, executive function, visual memory, sensory integration, and perceptuo-motor control in adults who function normally and those who possess disorders within the nervous system.
Being one of Trinidad's major watersheds, the Maracas valley is under serious threat from deforestation and human development.
Elena struggles to adjust back to her human form after having spent so much time in the spirit world.
 In the early episodes, the human Foot Ninjas are used.
Attempts to "improve" themselves through such manipulation would remove limitations that provide a necessary context for the experience of meaningful human choice.
When excess numbers are removed from the island and they are placed into human ownership, they adapt quickly to domestication.
In more than one way, this death and resurrection represents the shaman's elevation above human nature.
I am showing him as a human being, I want there to be empathy for him."
Although he had also signed a petition, along with other prominent writers and artists, that denounced the Eiffel Tower as an atrocity, he agreed to design a series of houses to illustrate the history of human habitation.
But an even new younger postwar generation critiqued modernism and Brutalism for being too austere, standardized, monotone, and not taking into account the richness of human experience offered in historical buildings across time and in different places and cultures.
In addition to the human officers, 24 police dogs have died in the line of duty; notably the drowning of Enzo in 2007, Gage, a six-year-old German Shepherd, in 2010.
Maryam Alkhawaja of the Bahrain Centre for Human Rights said: "The attack was very violent, [the police] were not showing any mercy."
As would be expected, the amino acid sequence of DPP4 is highly conserved across species and is expressed in the human bronchial epithelium and kidneys.
The main points of the 1931 Guidelines for Human Experimentation are as follows:
Major human migration before the 18th century was largely state directed.
Nevertheless, PCDDs are mostly produced by human activity.
 Prof James Clark Gentles FRSE, first specialist in fungal diseases of the human body
The story has also been compared to similar international tales about a marriage between a supernatural creature and a human maiden who disenchants him (namely, Cupid and Psyche and Beauty and the Beast).
They and the entire vespulakinin family are insecticidal and may prove useful for human purpose.
Human genes encoding members of the APOBEC protein family include:
Moore reconfigured the Swamp Thing's origin to make him a true monster, as opposed to a human transformed into a monster.
He was on the Army Research Lab Technical Advisory Board and the Advisory Board of the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition, the Technical Advisory Board of Cork Constraint Computation Center (4C), Ireland, and served on recent external advisory boards for Rutgers University, Carnegie Mellon University, Brown University, and École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL).
After Gratangen, the bitterness caused by the German ruthlessness—particularly the use of civilians as human shields—ensured that any such reservations were gone.
A great stone, not cut by human hands, fell on the feet of the statue and destroyed it, and the rock became a mountain that filled the whole world.
They are ruled by the Parrot King who was a teacher to animals including Commander ApeTrully when it comes to teaching them human languages.
In relation to computers and body language, research is being done with the use of mathematics in order to teach computers to interpret human movements, hand gestures and even facial expressions.
Connections exist, in both practice and ideology, between human rights violations in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo and physical and psychological abuse recorded in U.S. prisons.
In Ancient Egypt, Savage is known as Khafre and makes an enemy of Nabu, who will one day merge with a human host to become the superhero Doctor Fate.
In relation to psychical research, he asked whether there is an unexplored region of human faculty transcending the normal limitations of sensible knowledge.
 June 26 – Nearly 50 independent United Nations Human Rights experts highlighted their concern on the situation in China.
List of local government areas of the Gambia by Human Development Index
In response to allegations of antisemitism, Elitrosh, leader of the Solidarity for Palestinian Human Rights, averred that one can be anti-Israel without being antisemitic.
C. J. Bartelson, a namesake of the Bartleson–Breneman effect in  perception of contrast by a human observer
The Gwangju Prize for Human Rights 2011 in Korea.
They are successful, and the court's decision leads to the emancipation of all human slaves.
H. alvei is an uncommon human pathogen despite the increased attention from the medical community over the past decade due to its possible association with gastroenteritis.
Human type VII collagen gene is found within this region in chromosome region 3p21.1.
Business faculty will use the facility to research improved human performance in trading environments as well as create new financial service models.
Computers in Human Behavior ;Volume 32, 301-312.
One of its main contributions has been to develop human resources required in both research and industry, at various level of qualification from operator to researcher in the nuclear industry.
He was educated at the University of Witwatersrand (BCom, LLB 1955), and worked as a human rights lawyer 1958–65, including as defence attorney of the leadership of the ANC at the 1963-4 Rivonia Trial, helping to represent Nelson Mandela and his co-defendants.
The argument for gentling and halter-breaking at weaning is that the young horse, in crisis from being separated from its dam, will more readily bond with a human at weaning than at a later point in its life.
The Festival was initiated by the Dalai Lama in 1999 as part of an unprecedented celebration of the human spirit.
Anime News Network's Carlo Santos criticizes the second DVD of Human Crossing because of its animation, labeling it "stiff" and "choppy".
PREDICT project was founded also to discover new viral species in the animal reservoir host and individuate the main characteristics that can cause the viral transmission to human, to avoid the viral outbreak in the population.
The commission had 27 members, led by the East German parliamentarian and human rights activist Rainer Eppelmann.
Kazakhstan is party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights which gave legal status to the Declaration of Human Rights.
In 1973, Chakraborty joined the faculty at the Center for Demographic and Population Genetics, which is now the Human Genetics Center, at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston.
Brahmi's killing was condemned by many international leaders including UN Human Rights chief Navi Pillay and President of the European Parliament Martin Schulz who said in a statement; "I am deeply saddened to learn of the despicable murder of our colleague Mohamed Brahmi.
 Evolution and the Human Mind: modularity, language and meta-cognition.
Simon recognized that a theory of administration is largely a theory of human decision making, and as such must be based on both economics and on psychology.
On December 13, 2007, Lo Duca was named in the Mitchell Report in connection with human growth hormone use.
Topics covered in particular include ecology, behavioural ecology and evolutionary biology, as well as epidemiology, human biology, neuroscience, palaeontology, psychology, and biomechanics.
The current IAW Commissions deal with the topics: Justice and Human Rights; Democracy; Peace; Elimination of Violence and Health.
Western legal concepts, including that of human rights, were introduced into Japan by distinguished foreign scholars engaged by the Ministry.
Reid started out with a 'common sense' based on a direct experience of an external reality but then proceeded to explore in two directions—external to the senses, and internal to human language—to account more effectively for the role of rationality.
The song was later included as a B-side to The Human League's "Tell Me When" in 1994.
Wilder Penfield, a neurosurgeon, was one of the first to map the cortical maps of the human brain.
The 38 genes in the Human adenovirus E genome are organized in 17 transcription units, each containing 1-8 coding sequences.
It extends the standard biopsychosocial model of psychiatry to a biopsychosocial-spiritiual one in which the later stages of human development are concerned with development beyond, or transcendent of, the individual.
Ever since the announcement of Moscow Pride initiative Nikolay Alexeyev expressed his readiness to appeal all possible bans of such events by Moscow Mayor in the European Court of Human Rights.
In places such as North Africa and the Middle East, where water is more scarce, access to clean drinking water was and is a major factor in human development.
Ladaria said that "euthanasia remains an inadmissible act, even in extreme cases" and affirmed that "Catholic teaching affirms the sacred value of human life" irrespective of age or circumstances such as disability or illness.
For instance, in human beings, the frontal lobes are responsible for foresight and anticipation, and the occipital lobes are responsible for processing visual information.
Develop the capability to predict the extreme and dynamic conditions in space in order to maximize the safety and productivity of human and robotic explorers.
... "Bread production relied on the use of sourdough as a leavening agent for most of human history; the use of baker's yeast as a leavening agent dates back less than 150 years."
Television episode "World's End" of Cold Case (2007) is about the discovery of human remains in the bottom of a well leads to the reinvestigation of the case of a housewife who went missing during Orson Welles' radio broadcast of "War of the Worlds".
Afghan American historian Ali A Olomi argued that Farkhunda's murder demonstrated the endurance of an underlying culture of violence and devaluation of human life that comes out of generations of Afghans being raised during a war and facing oppression.
ARVs work either by preventing the HIV virus from entering a human host cell, or by preventing its replication after it has already entered.
Pastor & Human Rights Activist: Rev.
In 1993 she established the Myrna Mack Foundation, to support the prosecution of her sister's murder and do other work for human rights, establishing programs and support for victims.
The original United States Department of Health and Human Services VAERS website is willfully cautious, containing extensive and important warnings such as "Reports of death to VAERS following vaccination do not necessarily mean the vaccine caused the death" and others.
 Ûssarĸak K'ujaukitsoĸ, Greenlandic Inuit politician, human rights activist (d. 2018)
Subunits of the human complex include HTATIP/TIP60, TRRAP, RUVBL1, RUVBL2, beta-actin and BAF53/ACTL6A.
In the laboratory, experiments focus on cause and effect processes within human nature.
Tiryaki is the former Vice-Chair of the International Relations Department at Istanbul Kültür University where she currently teaches courses on international law, introduction to law, human rights and history of political thought.
The larger CD79a isoform contains an insert in position 88-127 of human CD79a resulting in a complete immunoglobulin domain, whereas the smaller isoform has only a truncated Ig-like domain.
About 200 human skeletons of the period show that the Bonnanaro population (phase A1) was composed mainly of dolicochepalic individuals (67%) with a minority of brachycephalics (33%), the latter concentrated in the north-western portion of the island.
Hisham Kassem, chairman of the Egyptian Organization for Human Rights, felt that insisting on the rights of Christians in Egypt might antagonize Muslims and thus be counterproductive.
He is an active participant in the Smithsonian Institution National Museum of Natural History’s Human Origins Program and the National Evolutionary Synthesis Center.
The idea of linked lives states that one's development is shaped by the interconnected network of relationships of which one is a part and the principle of human agency asserts that one's life course is constructed via the choices and actions of an individual within the context of their historical period and social network.
Some nouns denoting human beings, however, are not in Classes 1 or 2: bēr (child) for example is in class 3.
According to the indictment, before the marketing program began, pilot studies showed the company that the bone cement reacted chemically with human blood in a test tube to cause blood clots.
Their posts showcase precautionary measures, dispelled myths regarding the virus, provision of mental health resources, and continuous acknowledgement of breakthroughs in international human rights and transitional justice.
The audiometer measures the ability to hear sounds at frequencies normally detectable by the human ear.
In January 2017, she was placed on the United States Department of the Treasury's Specially Designated Nationals List in response to human rights abuses in North Korea.
The second award in 2004 was given to Prof. Thomas Sinkjaer from Aalborg, Denmark, recognizing his work on functional electro-stimulation to recover lost neuromuscular functions of the human body.
In this documentary, filmmaker and gay activist Sridhar Rangayan embarks on a personal journey to expose the human rights violations faced by the LGBTQ community in India due to a draconian law Section 377 and homophobic social mores of a patriarchal society.
It was sponsored by ecclesial and human rights groups from Latin America and from North America.
The plague may, in fact, represent typical attributes of human life and mortality, which would imply the entire story is an allegory about man's futile attempts to stave off death (a commonly accepted interpretation).
degree, a Ph.D. in human genetics and molecular biology, and postdoctoral studies at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine where he remains on the faculty.
His professional interests include climate change and human response, exploring the development of cultural complexity in Eastern North America, maintaining and improving the nation's Cultural Resource management (CRM) program, teaching and writing about archaeology, and developing technical and popular syntheses of archaeological research.
However, no human remains were found at the time.
Human Factors & activities around Jigokudani-Shigakogen Forest Park
There were many human characters of various nationalities, most of which had several positions to choose from, including standing, running, sitting and sleeping.
A Treatise on the Leading Causes of Pleasure and Delight in the Human Mind etc.
The novel features important discussions about human connection.
The boy and girl see these first in their human counterparts, and if left to themselves will hardly look anywhere else.
We embrace principles of transparency and open government with a view toward achieving greater prosperity, well-being, and human dignity in our own countries and in an increasingly interconnected world.
Michael Johnson (actor) (1939–2001), British actor in films and TV series such as The Human Jungle
Geographically based human studies since have shown that such genetic clusters can be derived from analyzing of a large number of loci which can assort individuals sampled into groups analogous to traditional continental racial groups.
Though specifics vary between versions, in general the player is a trader in a galaxy with a fixed set of other players (either human or computer).
While sentencing Tan, Koh remarked about the former offence: "this vicious attack which you inflicted on her breasts revealed your latent disregard for her dignity as a human being and as a woman."
Heather Morris posted photos of their sons together, calling her a "consistent and loving friend" who was the "strongest and most resilient human being [she knew]".
There was a prior attempt to create a Zapatista radio network in 1998 with Radio Rebelde to cover human rights violations and provide political commentary that does not seem to have ever gained much traction.
Ding Yunpeng, Chinese painter especially of human figures and landscapes (born 1547)
Jane Donnelly has taken on the role of human rights officer focusing on the Irish education system.
In 1978, the NIEHS was designated as the focal point for the establishment of the NTP, a cooperative effort to coordinate toxicological testing programs within the Department of Health and Human Services, and Rall was appointed its director.
PC can be used to devise conceptual and theoretical frameworks for human activities and can provide a basis on which they can be defended and justified.
Article 3 requires states parties to guarantee basic human rights and fundamental freedoms to women "on a basis of equality with men" through the "political, social, economic, and cultural fields."
Discussing public response to his character, Criss stated that he particularly enjoyed comments from "people from parts of the world who are maybe not as exposed to certain ideologies", but had reconsidered their stance on relationships and human rights as a result of the Blaine and Kurt storyline.
Over the past several years, Kriegstein has applied strategies for massively parallel profiling molecular and physiological properties of primary human cortical cells using microfluidic technologies, cellular barcoding, and timelapse microscopy to identify additional progenitor cell types.
He later resurfaced, confronting Deadpool and Hercules, Dazzler, Human Torch and the Impossible Man.
The human eye  is an important source of information in motion simulation where a high resolution picture is available such as by day in good visibility.
In 2006, she established the Jean H. Langenheim Endowed Chair in Plant Ecology and Evolution with a gift of $350,000 to the university "to support and encourage research and teaching in the area of terrestrial plant ecology and evolution, including studies of human impacts on plants, such as global warming, introduction of invasive plants, and ecosystem destruction."
Life support systems must be capable of supporting human lives for extended periods of time.
She is an independent consultant and a senior policy fellow and guest lecturer at the MSc in human rights in the London School of Economics.
He has also taken stance on how indigenous peoples’ rights should be improved globally and in the Nordic context and suggested that the European Court of Human Rights should amend its jurisprudence in order to give adequate protection to indigenous rights.
His interests included psychological revolution, the nature of mind, meditation, holistic inquiry, human relationships, and bringing about radical change in society.
The film shows two imaginary groups of contemporary Bengal: The fyataru, flying human beings, and the Choktor, a black magic Bhodi sect.
The plot of the episode involves two factions of clones descended from a group of human and alien Hath pioneers, each of whom are seeking to wipe out the other side with a lost artefact called the Source, while the Doctor also comes to accept Jenny as his real daughter.
In 2010, by analyzing the responses to the UN questionnaires addressed to the Office of the Ombudsman of the ILC, it was decided that the Constitutional Law on the Ombudsman, as well as the activities of the Commissioner for Human Rights in Azerbaijan, fully comply with the Paris Principles and was re-accredited with “A” status.
He has been on the Wharton faculty since 1984 and became the Management Department's first Practice Professor in recognition of his work within the fields of Leadership Development, Human Resources and Work–Life Integration on the application theory and research on the real challenges facing organizations.
I argued then and I argue now that we should not insist on the differences between us but focus instead on what unites us as human beings".
Naciri began his career as an intern with UNICEF, and has since then stayed in the world of development and human rights.
Book 2 – Sonic the Hedgehog in the Fourth Dimension 1993 (by Wallis) – Sonic and Tails try to prevent Robotnik from altering history, encountering the Organisers; human scientists who maintain the laws of Time and Space, and helping them against the mythos creatures, paramilitary mythological creatures who are trying to exist in reality.
Throughout its history, formidable human cultures and civilizations offered the most advanced form of governance and management.
STC is calculated using a range of frequencies similar to the human voice; attenuation in higher and lower ranges should be estimated from the Sound Transmission Loss graphs provided with standard STC reports.
The Basic Law contains provisions that offer protection for human rights.
Tamara Shakryl (; 1925 or 1926 – 12 November 2004) was a linguist, academic and human rights activist from Abkhazia.
The piper reveals that he cannot control Saul as he can the others, as the Piper can only play one song at a time and as such a tune that controls rats will be ignored by Saul's human side and vice versa.
In February 2002, she joined the British-based human rights organisation Article 19 as the Africa Program Officer in Johannesburg.
A 2011 study on human cadaveric shoulders suggests tendon tears may affect the pennation angle of the rotator cuff muscles.
In some early sites, stone tools are the only sign of human activity.
Some of them are wanted by Russia but the UK government refuses to extradite them on grounds of concern for human rights.
11 February – After a period of imprisonment of nine years in a Siberian labor camp, the Soviet-Jewish refusenik and human rights advocate Natan Sharansky and three low-level Western spies are exchanged for Czech spies held in the US, a Soviet spy, a Polish spy and a GDR spy (the latter three held in Western Germany).
Environmental changes in rivers usually result from human development, such as population growth, the dependence on fossil resources, urbanization, global commerce and industrial and agricultural emission.
Annals of Human Biology, 46:6, 475-490
City of Houston Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Surveillance and Public Health Preparedness.</ref>
This model, whose principles Jean Gagnepain has methodically set forth in his three volume study On Meaning (Du Vouloir Dire), covers the whole field of the human sciences.
She helped to write the California Consumer Transparency Act and served as a senior State Department official in the Obama Administration, continuing her work against human trafficking.
2001 Philip Roth, The Human Stain 
The overall organization and brain structures involved in human episodic memory have also been compared to what exists in the animal brain.
The LRA is accused of widespread human rights violations, including mutilation, torture, rape, the abduction of civilians, the use of child soldiers and a number of massacres.
In 2008, following international treaties, some of the human remains that he had collected from Cape York and the Torres Straits that were held in the Charité Medical University in Berlin were repatriated.
Aside from the sophisticated, cultured, and advanced Vepajans that Napier first meets, the human natives of Amtor are generally inhospitable, often trying to murder Napier, kidnap his princess, or both.
PCKeeper Live offers 13 different PC services in 4 categories: Human Assistance (Find & Fix, Geek on Demand, Live Support), Security (Anti-Theft, Data Hider, Shredder, Files Recovery), Cleaning (Disk Cleaner, Disk Explorer, Duplicates Finder, Uninstaller) and Optimization (Context Menu Manager, Startup Manager).
Deva is apparently a Hindu devotee who is bent upon teaching the Bhagavad Gita to every human he meets.
Intuition Peak in Antarctica is so named "in appreciation of the role of scientific intuition for the advancement of human knowledge."
The Institute of Peace, Leadership and Governance (IPLG) is a graduate institute which offers master's degrees in peace and governance, public policy and governance, Human rights law, Migration law and a Masters in intellectual property law.
Declining Poverty: The Human Face of Reforms
The EPA regulates substances with pesticide characteristics, looking at potential threats to human health or the environment.
Fiona ignorantly drinks the "Beauty" potion for which she does not realize there is a catch, as the potion renders her human during the day only to revert her to an ogre every night.
The ADE consists of five divisions: Division of Academic Accountability, Division of Fiscal and Administrative Services, Division of Human Resources, Division of Learning Services, and Division of Research and Technology.
In Greek mythology, Sagittarius is usually identified as a centaur: half human, half horse.
Pambazuka promoted the ratification of the Protocol to the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights on the Rights of Women in Africa.
Human rights in Chad have been described as "poor"; for example, Freedom House has designated the country as "Not Free."
Meredith is searching and longing for companionship while Fleet "shies away from the confusion and misunderstandings of human contact".
 Les pionniers de l'aventure humaine (Pioneers Of The Human Adventure)
In a motu proprio issued on 9 July 2014 the responsibilities of the Secretariat for the Economy were extended considerably, since it decreed that the Ordinary Section of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See (APSA) is to be transferred to the Secretariat, giving the latter control over purchasing and human resources.
Representative Mackereth chaired the Subcommittee on Drugs and Alcohol, and was a member of the committees of Judiciary, Children and Youth, Education, and Health and Human Services.
 International Human Rights Law Institute
"In the Machine" takes place in New York City during the Industrial Revolution, as human beings confront the alienating realities of the new machine age.
Traditionally, the lizard skin was held in place with a layer of human blood (as glue).
She was also part of the Commerce, Human Rights, Women and Childhood, General Legislation and Foreign Affairs parliamentary commissions.
Foreword by Henry Mayer, University of Sydney states  "It is the authors' achievement to have translated these immigrant and human voices into vivid print."
In an anti-C22orf15 antibody produced in rabbits, immunochemical staining shows strong cytoplasmic positivity in the glandular cells of the human colon.
During a June 2020 visit to Belgrade, Indonesian Law and Human Rights Minister Yasonna Laoly reiterated Indonesia's support for Serbian sovereignty over Kosovo.
Never the Same Again was a human interest radio series that ran for nine years on BBC Radio 4.
Still, he figures there are secrets the human race has forgotten altogether, and begins to hunt for answers.
At the time that Titov became the second human into Earth orbit, the U.S. had yet to send an astronaut past the planet's gravitational pull.
These biases, sometimes called "bugs in the human hardware,” are exploited in various combinations to create attack techniques, some of which are listed below.
As defined by the United States Geological Survey, a locale is a geographic place at which there is or was human activity.
He then surrounds himself in a blob of the human flesh that covers the Terminators in order to travel back to the past before the appearance of the original Terminators.
Jesus College admits undergraduate and graduates students to all subjects at the university though typically accepts a larger number of students for engineering, medicine, law, natural sciences, mathematics, economics, history, languages, and human, social and political sciences.
"Dose-response relationships for resetting of human circadian clock by light," Nature 379:540-542 (February 1996).
Some have attempted to date this section of 1 Enoch to around the 2nd–1st century BC and they believe this book is based on one interpretation of the Sons of God passage in Genesis 6, according to which angels mated with human females, giving rise to a race of hybrids known as the Nephilim.
Next to his clerical career, Vera López is an avowed advocate for human rights and social justice.
Hours after the crowds of EDSA III were dispersed, representatives of the Archdiocese of Manila and Civil Society supporters of the Arroyo administration reclaimed the EDSA Shrine where there had been alleged acts of vandalism and garbage everywhere and the vicinity reeked with the strong smell of human waste.
Launched at the Fort Mason Center in San Francisco on June 24, 1995, for the 50th Anniversary  the United Nations, the exhibit was put in context of the UN's Declaration on Human Rights.
Its members are typically found in open, lightly wooded, habitats, although several species, notably the house sparrow (P. domesticus) have adapted to human habitations.
Outlook is a radio programme on BBC World Service that broadcasts human interest stories from across the globe.
ADAPT offers two international PhD programs: The first is  PhD in Labour Law at the University of Modena and Reggio Emilia in collaboration with the “Marco Biagi” Center for International and Comparative Studies and the University of Modena and Reggio Emilia and the second is PhD in Human Capital Formation and Labour Relations in collaboration with the University of Bergamo.
It has shown significant antiviral activity against human hepatitis B virus, HIV and SARS-CoV.
London in the 19th Century: 'A Human Awful Wonder of God''' (2008); Social history of people, neighborhoods, work, culture, power.
It analyses the values of Eastern civilisations and their contribution to the development of the UN human rights agenda.
TAAR1, the first of six functional human TAARs, has gained considerable interest in academic and proprietary pharmaceutical research due to its role as the endogenous receptor for the trace amines phenylethylamine, tyramine, and tryptamine – metabolic derivatives of the amino acids phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan, respectively –  ephedrine, as well as the synthetic psychostimulants, amphetamine, methamphetamine and methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA, ecstasy).
According to the Consultancy for Human Rights, Codhes, in the period 1999-2005 more than 260,000 displaced people arrived in Bogotá, approximately 3.8% of the total population of Bogotá.
Right2Water is a campaign to commit the European Union and member states to implement the human right to water and sanitation.
John Scott Haldane designed a decompression chamber in 1907, and he produced the first decompression tables for the Royal Navy in 1908 after extensive experiments with animals and human subjects.
The perceptual psycho-acoustic model is based on similar models of human perception as MP3 or AAC.
Eurogamer scored the game 7 out of 10, criticising long loading times and saying that the dynamic game difficulty can make the player feel like they're "operating at a distinct disadvantage," but that, when playing online or split-screen against other human players, "ModNation allows its own charm to shine through".
A term that comes closer to Coptic Orthodoxy is miaphysite, which refers to a conjoined nature for Christ, both human and divine, united indivisibly in the Incarnate Logos.
In addition to her teaching activities on the topic of women's rights, human rights and justice at several academic institutions (e.g.
Reviews discussed "the danger of appropriation" in respect of the stories of the victims of human rights abuses.
He doesn't regain his human form until Lance gives Nemo a kiss (taken from the story of the frog prince) and Omen's curse is lifted.
The "NS1 of the highly pathogenic avian H5N1 viruses circulating in poultry and waterfowl in Southeast Asia might be responsible for an enhanced proinflammatory cytokine response (especially TNFa) induced by these viruses in human macrophages".
By 2024, he lives under the human alias of "Phil" with a husband and a 10-year-old son.
French pioneers explored the area began during the reign of King Louis XIV, while French Louisiana was not greatly developed, due to the deficiency of human and financial resources.
The US Government believes this situation results in a decrease in competitiveness, as human capital is a particularly important factor in scientific research and engineering applications.
She did not appeal, but in 1903 she wrote to the Serbian King Alexander asking for the women's at least passive right to vote, claiming the right of choice and responsibility for that choice made as being a fundamental human right.
Instead, it was thought that the civilised human mind is organised into binary branching structures.
Russia has since withdrawn giving federal statistics involving human trafficking to the US State Department, however various NGO's and other organizations are still cooperating with foreign agencies.
There are a range of such issues, some of the relating to conservation in Australia while others, for example the deteriorating state of Murray-Darling Basin, have a direct and serious effect on human land use and the economy.
The memorial is not strictly a cenotaph as the sculpture at the top is a human figure rather than an empty tomb.
She has been a member of the council of the Bartolomé de las Casas International Institute of Political Sciences and Human Rights.
During her time as member of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank, Tumpel-Gugerell was responsible for market operations, payment systems and market infrastructure as well as human resources, the budget, and organisation.
A contrasting study performed a micro-array to analyze HERV transcription in human brains.
The water level of Lake Müritz has changed several times in the preceding centuries, primarily as a result of human influences.
The surviving human population sheltered at the center of the planet where the last traces of life-sustaining warmth remained.
Published approaches are employed in self-driving cars, unmanned aerial vehicles, autonomous underwater vehicles, planetary rovers, newer domestic robots and even inside the human body.
A majority of Missourians were opposed to human cloning, especially their target audience.
from Harvard University in International Law, Human Rights Law, and the Law of Armed Conflict.
The mother notices the missing food and suspects the maidservant, but decides to investigate further: that night, she pretends to be asleep, and sees the tortoise moving towards the bowl of rice, taking off its shell and becoming a human boy.
The AI box experiment involves simulating a communication between an AI and a human being to see if the AI can be "released".
Center for Human Rights Documentation & Research
According to their philosophy, human being should enjoy a central role reminiscent of the doctrine of Khurramites, and as illustrated by Hurufi phrase of God is Man quoted above in the context of the Trinity.
Human beings cannot even survive without water, whereas diamonds, in Smith's day, were ornamentation or engraving bits.
Teodora’s most characteristic pieces are large-scale, fantasy creatures, generally human with animal head or horns.
The order of priorities for the strategy are (1) human safety, (2) recovery, and (3) resilience.
The Storyteller's tale, along with Vincent and Driscoll's findings, suggest that the eerie skull visage that gave the island its name may have been the work of human hands.
Sustainability, therefore, recognizes the human impact on the environment, and aims to mitigate negative effects.
Human Germline Engineering:Best Hope or Worst Fear?
The game plays similarly to the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater series of video games, except for the player controlling a small bird on a skateboard instead of a human.
Sophie's goal is to restore the book's memories and its former human form.
This song describes Lebanon "the peace", "the beauty", "the creativity" and encourages fraternity, unity between people worldwide and calls for loving each other by surpassing all human differences.
Three hundred people were reported dead by the Human Rights Watch the following day, since 25 January.
The EPA states that all forms of arsenic are a serious risk to human health and the United States' Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry ranked arsenic as number 1 in its 2001 Priority List of Hazardous Substances at Superfund sites.
Behavioural change theories are attempts to explain why human behaviours change.
Such weapon finds are not found in conjunction with human remains.
The blog's categories were: Chemical and other exposures; Contractor deaths; Electrocutions; Indictments, convictions and arrests; Human trafficking; Rape, hazing, discrimination and harassment; Rants.
In 2016, scientists published two studies regarding human embryos developing for thirteen days within an ecto-uterine environment.
Currently she is the Ryan Family Professor of Human Rights Policy and the Carol K. Pforzheimer Professor at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at the John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University.
There should be no features associated with evil and death about the monument, of tyranny over the human soul.
In human relationships, the meaning and level of intimacy varies within and between relationships.
Ultimately, as a review from the 18th annual Tucson Jewish Film Festival put it, "The film is a touching comic-drama of two human beings accompanying each other on a remarkable journey that takes them both back to a meaningful life."
The Human Right Dimension of EU Foreign Policy (EACEA Jean Monnet Chair, Project Leader: Prof. Leonardo Morlino, Professor of Political Science and Vice Rector-Research LUISS Guido Carli University)
The estimation of percentage of human genes subject to parental imprinting is approximately one to two percent, currently parental imprinting has been identified in fewer than 100 distinct named genes.
L’Adieu Pearls before Gods (1993) dealt with human rights issues and global labor division.
By 1991, the first human pregnancy was recorded using IVM followed by IVF, and in 1994 the first birth using IVM oocytes from polycystic ovarian syndrome patients was recorded highlighting that PCOS patient's oocytes are capable of maturation.
In 2010, a study from the National Women's Law Center and the Rebecca Project for Human Rights ranked the Texas prison system as giving "B+" care to women.
The world is managed by a central computer called UniComp (referred as just "Uni" in speech), which has been programmed to keep every single human on the surface of the earth in check.
The record contained pictures and other data about human beings and other living beings on earth.
The accident was blamed on human error, but the precise cause was never established.
The Transitional Living Program for Older Homeless Youth (often referred to as TLP), funded by the Family and Youth Services Bureau of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, provides residential services for up to 18 months for homeless youth ages 16 to 22.
The Supreme Court of Israel (Levi v. Southern District Police Commander) ruled that:The right of demonstration and procession is a fundamental human right in Israel.
On August 17, 2009, Governor Dave Heineman appointed him to serve the remaining term of Nebraska State Board of Education member, Kerry Winterer, who resigned to become the CEO at the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services in July 2009.
It seeks to maintain and safeguard the environment with plans to protect human health, curb and reduce the depletion of natural resources, combat desertification, prevent the aggravation of air and water pollution, promote environmental awareness and ensure achievement of sustainable urban development.
More importantly, an ethical organization will have the ability to retain employees that are experienced and knowledgeable (generally referred to as human capital).
Writing in an evocative style all his own, he fused science, folklore, and poetry in describing the relationship between psychoactive plants and human beings.
He serves a Sunday Roast human leg to Barabara, Denise and Og.
Code Black Chapter 2, the body receives more alcohol when the human takes the hair of the dog during hangover, much to the cells' dismay.
The human brain automatically changes speech made in noise through a process called the Lombard effect.
The Fonds Fondation Anna-Marie-Globenski (English: Anna-Marie-Globenski Foundation Fund) was established by Globenski in 2001 to "encourage the teaching of music and to help prepare for the pursuit of a career by granting scholarships or scholarships and prizes for excellence" and to "support activities or organizations which have to meet human and social needs".
"I see being a sculptor as an active process in creating a union and finding intersecting points between art, world cultures and their decisive human factor."
The fungi of the genera Penicillium and Aspergillus also produce ergot alkaloids, notably some isolates of the human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus, and have been isolated from plants in the family Convolvulaceae, of which morning glory is best known.
Such Iron Age bog bodies typically show a number of similarities, such as violent deaths and a lack of clothing, which has led archaeologists to believe that they were killed and deposited in the bogs as a part of a widespread cultural tradition of human sacrifice or executed as criminals.
The MPF stated that the armed operation violated human rights, prevented any chance of dialog in good faith and would tend to create confrontation.
The ISO advocated replacing the capitalist system with socialism, a system in which society's collective wealth and resources would be democratically controlled to meet human need by those who produce that wealth, i.e.
 2010: The World As It Is: Dispatches on the Myth of Human Progress ()
"Turning Memory into Prophecy: Roberto Unger and Paul Ricoeur on the Human Condition Between Past and Future."
Human Rights Watch (HRW) reported that the ICC's prosecutor team takes no account of the roles played by the government in the conflict of Uganda, Rwanda or Congo.
In a statement on 26 October 2021, UN High Commissioner for Human Rights  Michelle Bachelet said recent events "highlight how problematic Israel’s counterterrorism law is, including its overly broad definition of terrorism, problems of due process and the manner in which it allows evidence to be kept secret,"
Botryotrichum murorum produces the secondary metabolites Chaetoxanthone C and D, which cause selective cytotoxicity towards some human protozoan parasitic pathogens, such as Trypanosoma cruzi and Plasmodium falciparum.
Given the lack of knowledge about the function of CHID1, it is difficult to further study its role within the human condition.
The prosecution also had to prove that Milošević had the necessary state of mind for crimes that were wilful, intentional or having a disregard of consequences for human life by actions committed by himself or his subordinates.
The One Health Model can constantly be applied with human and animal interactions.
While the latter emphasizes the interconnectedness of the entire universe, the former believes that a solution to human suffering lies in being one with the universe.
Not entirely written by May but his part of this book examines where the roots of Existential Psychology may have begun and why Existential Psychology is important in understanding a gap that lies in human beings.
When the human body becomes dehydrated, a person experiences thirst.
In January 2014, they realized they could make the player character switch between human and squid forms, which allowed them to come up with other ideas, such as swimming through ink or sustaining damage while maneuvering in enemy ink.
They had a solid base with Human Revolution, but the team wanted to evolve from that base and address problems raised by players and critics.
He added, "James' deft portrait of human frailty and his experimentation in narrative mode only intermittently find vivid expression in the work of Ivory and screenwriter Prawer Jhabvala.
These areas have been greatly affected by the human activities in the north-west, but have justified the classification of around half of the roadstead as a zone in Natura 2000.
In Manchester, faced with phenomenal population growth, the council attempted to retain the pail closet system, but following the exposure of the dumping of  of human faeces into the Medlock and Irwell rivers at their Holt Town sewage works, the council was forced to change their plans.
The AIBO responded to over 100 voice commands and talked in a tonal language, or talked like a human and made other noises if programmed to.
As part of his work with the Smithsonian, he has overseen the forensic examination of over 13,000 skeletons and human remains originating from over an estimated 10,000 years.
These findings propose that branches of the human and chimpanzee once diverged from each other.
Finally, Buniyadi shiksha was conceived as a response to one of the main dialectics of modernity as Gandhi saw it--the dialectic between human being and 'machine' or 'technology': "In this dialectic, man represented the whole of mankind, not just India, and the machine represented the industrialized West."
On July 8, 2019, the State Department announced the creation of a new commission to examine human rights in foreign policy.
The human rights during the Japanese rule era experienced dramatic changes with three major phases.
Mark LaRochelle wrote on the conservative website Human Events that cutting the capital gains rate increases employment.
The label's name was drawn from the lyrics of the song "Company Car" from the album New Way to be Human.
While acknowledging the cyanide spill the company stated at the time that the spill did not affect human health or safety.
2019 – H. S. Dillon, Indonesian politician and human rights defender (b.
The 1968 Democratic Convention protests in Grant Park and the adjacent Lincoln Park Neighborhood, resulted in the Young Lords, under the leadership of founder José Cha Cha Jiménez, to join with others to form a broader civil and human rights movement.
The demo included only the initial portion of the game, which contained the game's introductory cinematic and narration, the tutorial and the Overlord's battle to free human peasants from a Halfling operated slave camp.
They berate him as less than human for his abominable actions.
Sociologist Edward A. Ross argues that belief systems exert a greater control on human behavior than laws imposed by government, no matter what form the beliefs take.
Regarded as one of the world's most influential literary critics, Northrop Frye's prolific and frequently cited writings outlined the shape of human thought and helped educate our imaginations about the power of the written world.
In 2021, FilmTack also developed ultrathin nano-islands coating on window film surface to offer protection against the human coronavirus and bacteria.
God is beyond knowledge and the fallen human mind, and, as such, can only be experienced in his hypostases through faith (noetically).
Councillor and law professor Priscilla Leung insisted that the bill was in full compliance with human rights laws.
Eventually, people begin wearing them all the time, thus eliminating dishonesty in all parts of human interaction, and eliminating crime, terrorism and a great deal of general social problems.
In 2011, he was appointed Independent Expert on the situation of human rights in Côte d'Ivoire.
Neale's academic background includes a Genetics Bachelor's of Science degree from the University of Chicago and a Ph.D. in human genetics from King’s College.
However, she takes to heart her late husband's belief that "it can never be a sin to love another human being", accepts Teresa and revealing that she and George were never legally married, due to his first wife refusing to grant a divorce.
The native protein binds specifically to a human macrophage-associated lectin known as Mac-2 and also binds to galectin 1.
In 2010, the bill passed the Senate Judiciary Committee on a voice vote as well as the House Health Care & Human Services Policy and Oversight Committee.
Intermodal passenger transport is where a journey is performed through the use of several modes of transport; since all human transport normally starts and ends with walking, all passenger transport can be considered intermodal.
 2018: Emil Greenzweig Human Rights Award from the Association for Civil Rights in Israel.
West Virginia's regulation is very specific and is not likely to be misinterpreted, stating: "[The] display of 'any portion of the cleavage of the human female breast exhibited by a dress, blouse, skirt, leotard, bathing suit, or other wearing apparel [is permitted] provided the areola is not exposed, in whole or in part.
Hunting-gathering was the common human mode of subsistence throughout the Paleolithic, but the observation of current-day hunters and gatherers does not necessarily reflect Paleolithic societies; the hunter-gatherer cultures examined today have had much contact with modern civilization and do not represent "pristine" conditions found in uncontacted peoples.
Histocompatibility, or tissue compatibility, is the property of having the same, or sufficiently similar, alleles of a set of genes called human leukocyte antigens (HLA), or major histocompatibility complex (MHC).
The song was included on Kershaw's debut album Human Racing.
He was a Gandhian all through his adult life and was in the forefront of several human rights movements in Kerala.
Moreover, because technology is such an inseparable part of human society, especially in its economic aspects, funding sources for (new) technological endeavors are virtually illimitable.
The strong factor of acceptance of Islam by Malay people is the aspect of human equality, which according to the ideology of society at that time adhered to the caste system in Hinduism, where lower class caste people were lower than members of higher castes.
HLA complex group 4 pseudogene 11, also known as HCG4P11, is a human gene.
P. gingivalis was also found to inhibit pro inflammatory and antimicrobial responses in human monocytes and mouse macrophages by fimbrial binding to CXCR4, inducing PKA signaling and inhibiting TLR-2-mediated immune response.
He is a strong believer of human progress achieved through education, scientific research and sustainable industry.
He has been active in the non-profit sector, as a former board member of the Galileo Educational Network, trustee of the Alberta Heritage Community Foundation, Chair of the Human Resources Committee of Alberta Ballet and one of the founders of the Alberta Council of Technologies.
It is our duty to make sure this voice resounds as far as possible because, unlike so many other invasive voices, his is not closed but open to a more human world..."
He was minister of Healthcare, Human Services & Family Welfare and Information & Public Relation (IPR) in Pawan Chamling fifth ministry from 2014 to 2019.
Boucher and McComas praised it for "its crystal-clear prose, its intense human warmth and its depth of psychological probing" as well as its "adroit plotting and ceaseless surge of action," finding it "one of the most impressive proofs yet of the possibility of science fiction as a part of mainstream literature."
The cause was determined to have been human error, that the train crew had passed a red signal.
Armor Branch Chief and Chief of Combat Arms Division, Human Resources Command, Alexandria, Virginia.
Eight professors and one librarian from the University of Guelph applied for declarations that the university's policy for mandatory retirement at age 65 as well as the Ontario Human Rights Code, which allowed such policies, were unconstitutional because it violated their section 15 Charter rights to equality.
Fractal dimensions are used to characterize a broad spectrum of objects ranging from the abstract to practical phenomena, including turbulence, river networks, urban growth, human physiology, medicine, and market trends.
Girls are "married" to the bael fruit; as long as the fruit is kept safe and never cracks, the girl can never become widowed, even if her human husband dies.
The sentences were a blow to the hopes of human rights groups lobbying on the health workers' behalf, which had predicted authorities would ease their stance after releasing some defendants on bail.
Parnes, Robert, "Learning how to confer: The interplay of theory and practice in computer conferencing", In CHI '81 Proceedings of the joint conference on Easier and more productive use of computer systems (Part - II): Human interface and the user interface, Volume 1981.
 The Human Jungle (1954) - Pat Danforth
St Thomas Aquinas for example, defined law so that nature really was legislated to consciously achieve aims, like human law: "an ordinance of reason for the common good, made by him who has care of the community and promulgated".
When used as scaffolds, hydrogels may contain human cells to repair tissue.
Streptococcus sobrinus was discovered by the French biologist Louis Pasteur in 1887 along with other human pathogens.
The country ranked 150 out of 177 in the 2006 Human Development Index and 121 out of 140 countries in the Gender Development Index (2006).
The Peace Tree Garden, located north of Toronto in Bruce's Mill Conservation Area, will incorporate plants from diverse cultures, include a medicine wheel around the Peace Tree and share peace quotes by human rights leaders like Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr., Mother Teresa and many others.
Some notable research centres also located at or affiliated with Monash University include the Australian Regenerative Medicine Institute, the Castan Centre for Human Rights Law, the Melbourne Centre for Nanofabrication and the Monash Institute of Medical Research.
Transition, human rights and violence: rethinking a liberal political relationship in the African neo-colony, Interface, 2011
Episode 11: Human Error Alice has problems coping with Fae's behaviour.
CAE VimedixAR, the first ultrasound training simulator integrated with HoloLens that allows healthcare learners to interact with 3D holograms of internal human structures and acquire proficiency in anatomy.
Lehre Von Den Blutigen Operationen Am Menschlichen Körper, 1857 - Doctrine involving bloody operations on the human body.
However, human rights advocates strongly criticized the punishment.
It is discovered by the Earth Federation that Bilstein experimented on actual human bodies during his research on Plasma Power.
Agriculture has also been the main culprit of the imbalances of human civilization over the last ten thousand years or so: the systematic destruction of the natural environment, overpopulation, capitalization, and other evils that result from sedentariness.
When Pipo discovered that the Descolada virus, which had nearly destroyed the human population of Lusitania, was a part of the pequeninos' normal physiology, he went to share that information with the pequeninos.
These studies bring up the issue of how Ayumu had many sessions of practice on the memory task before terminal performances were measured while the human subjects had to perform the task with no prior experience or practice.
Expert activity of the Laboratory for Cytogenetics and Genotoxicology mainly includes chromosome analysis and karyotyping of human samples.
It is praised as first of its kind, although some reviewers note the similarity to previous works, such as the musical Beyond the Fence, the play Lifestyle of the Richard and Family, or the short movie Sunspring; however, these works used less advanced technology, and either were very short (Sunspring) or necessitated a larger amount of human interventions.
The BPCI Act aligns with the FDA's longstanding policy of permitting appropriate reliance on what is already known about a drug, thereby saving time and resources and avoiding unnecessary duplication of human or animal testing.
Wataru befriends a young man named Johnny who, prior to the incident, was part of a government experiment designed to expand the memory capacity of the human mind and, therefore, was able to retain his memories.
The eradication of the smallpox virus is announced by the World Health Organization, making smallpox the first of only two human diseases that have been driven to extinction (rinderpest in 2011 being the other).
At the AWS/EWF's United Forces event on December 8, Osman teamed up with Claudia del Solis to defeat Aiden Riley and Candice LeRae with Human Tornado as the special guest referee.
What has been found may be some of the oldest artifacts ever found in North America, but they remain controversial due to the lack of clear human action on them.
While in prison, Nayyouf was the subject of significant attention from human rights organizations and received numerous international awards in journalism and press freedom.
Mutations in human PHOX2B cause a rare disease of the visceral nervous system (dysautonomia): congenital central hypoventilation syndrome (associated with respiratory arrests during sleep and, occasionally, wakefulness), Hirschsprung's disease (partial agenesis of the enteric nervous system), ROHHAD, and tumours of the sympathetic ganglia.
 Fine R (2009) 'Cosmopolitanism and Human Rights: Radicalism in a Global Age' Metaphilosophy 40 (1), 8 - 23 
Existential risk from artificial general intelligence is the hypothesis that substantial progress in artificial general intelligence (AGI) could result in human extinction or some other unrecoverable global catastrophe.
and Narragansett Ave., human remains were discovered.
Evil spirits known as jinn — fiery, intelligent beings that are capable of appearing in human and other forms — could cause all sorts of malicious mischief.
 Robert A. Heinlein Award, "for outstanding published works in science fiction and technical writings to inspire the human exploration of space"
The documentary explores how human beings are affecting natural resources.
In 2014, researchers at the Kidney Research Institute received FDA approval for the first human study in the U.S. of the Wearable Artificial Kidney.
 Universal Declaration of Human Rights in Tundra Yukaghir
Anyone claiming that he is going to clone a human does not know what he is talking about.
This association, as a union, acts to represent and protect the collective interests of workers before the action of the University officials, and in general before the State political decisions regarding human resources management and civil service.
Makino stated the Japanese plea for human rights and racial equality.
Moulin Quignon, a quarry near Abbeville, France, celebrated for the discovery in 1863 by Boucher de Perthes of a human jawbone believed to be referable to the Quaternary period.
In Isaac Asimov's novel Foundation's Edge, one of the main characters mentions that during a "Jump" through hyperspace, the matter—which includes the ship and everything inside it, including human passengers—are converted into tachyons for the instantaneous mode of interstellar travel in that novel's universe.
Carr gave details of the organisation and activities of the Einsatzgruppen, and alleged that Manstein must have known "from start to finish" what was going on, and had assisted them in their activities, in violation of human decency and the Hague Convention.
Notable historical periods of human exploration
The Department of Health, Education and Welfare (HEW) was reorganized into a Department of Education and a Department of Health and Human Services (US DHHS).
Cohen Professor of International Law and Human Rights at Emory University School of Law in Atlanta, Georgia.
Another of the functions of this religious center seems to have been related to the water deities, possibly Tlaloc, which would explain the human burials placed in a strange lotus position in or near the channels.
In addition to "Komm, süsser Tod" a song called "Everything You'Ve Ever Dreamed" was written, intended to be included in the Human Instrumentality sequences.
From 2010 to 2013, Ridley wrote the weekly "Mind and Matter" column for The Wall Street Journal, which "explores the science of human nature and its implications".
She helped establish the Cagayan Valley Human Rights Organization, which focused on organizing dialogues, marches and protests to raise awareness about military abuses in the province.
She presented a lecture on "The Paleoclimate Framework of Human Evolution, Lessons from Olduvai Gorge, Tanzania" at Rutgers, publicized by WISE (Women in Scientific Education) in 2014.
In April 2013, social activist T Satish Kumar and student leader Banoth Amru Naik, from the Nalgonda district of Andhra Pradesh, filed a complaint with the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) against Telugu film actor Mahesh Babu for endorsing Royal Stag.
Later that year they supported Erasure and The Human League.
During the Induction, the human resources are responsible for preparing the induction checklist (updating periodically), the planning and administration of the formal program, assisting and advising employees 
The level of violence that the human body can tolerate without being killed or seriously injured forms the basic parameter in the design of the road transport system.
Biogenesis baseball scandal (2013) – more than a dozen MLB players were found to have received PEDs, mainly human growth hormone, from a now-defunct anti-aging clinic in the Miami area.
However he added "Measuring with precision, from my perspective, the degree of human contribution is very challenging."
The study of the association of plants with microorganisms precedes that of the animal and human microbiomes, notably the roles of microbes in nitrogen and phosphorus uptake.
She grabs into one of the ventilation gutters and pulls out a decomposed, human foot!
An unsafe action is an action in which the human operator concerned may fail to carry out a task or does so incorrectly and this consequently results in the unsafe operation of the system.
Instead of using the human characters in the show's cast, the writers and producers decided to use Muppets to present their narrative about the effects of divorce on young children.
She has lived with the most difficult and tragic of human beings, the exiled and estranged artist.
Other agents that cause this illness include human metapneumovirus, influenza, parainfluenza, coronavirus, adenovirus, rhinovirus and mycoplasma.
Except for some insects (for example, ants), all animals are still hunter-gatherer species, even though many have existed longer than the human species.
Consequently it has been noted that the entities in Lovecraft's books were not evil, they were far beyond human conceptions of morality.
On 2 April 2007, five U.N. Special Rapporteurs and an Independent Expert called on the Government to repeal or amend its 1982 Citizenship Law to insure compliance with international human rights obligations.
In his 2007 book Kabbalah and Meditation for the Nations Ginsburgh writes, "Ours is the first generation in modern times to understand the truly universal human condition and to seek to bring all peoples of the earth together in peace and harmony."
During this period she joined the Commissions on Human Rights, Budgets, and Gender and Equity.
This resource depicts information on human protein functions including protein–protein interactions, post-translational modifications, enzyme-substrate relationships and disease associations.
In the Season 1 finale, Russell learns Janelle was among the 99% of the human race disappeared by "The Fall".
The most important countermeasure taken to try to reduce the impact of the lengthy crop failure was the legalization of the sale of human beings.
In 1982, Dubinin and Dmitry Belyayev  studied the genetic basis of human individuality in different populations.
Delenn is the "One who is," representing both halves of the Minbari and human race merged, more literally merging in the marriage of Delenn and Sheridan.
Vanquo ultimately had a strange fate for an Outrider: he became human.
they mediates between the spiritual world and the human world.
The flowers in the garden use technologies such as capacitive sensing and thermal sensors to react to human hands and bodies elsewhere in the room.
Kilbourn judged the style as opposed to realism and "emphatically German" in looking at particular situations of human life.
The Council members come up with seven unanimous recommendations, including a call for an application moratorium, but also the agreement that the human germline is not categorically inviolable.
She works as a volunteer with various youth organizations, human rights groups, and health organizations.
Gorontalo Peninsula has had some type of human civilization since approximately 1300 years ago.
As District Judge he worked as City Civil and Sessions Judge, as Presiding Officer at Karnataka Wakf Tribunal, as Additional Director Karnataka Judicial Academy, as Secretary to Honorable Chief justice at the High Court of Karnataka, as Additional Secretary to Government of Karnataka in Department of Law Justice and Human Rights and Additional Registrar of Enquiries at Karnataka Lokayukta.
The central character, Mitrofanushka, is the accomplished type of vulgar and brutal selfishness, unredeemed by a single human feature — even his fondly doting mother gets nothing from him for her pains.
The SCO's policies could worsen human rights conditions and seek to justify abuse.
Limitations on protected areas include: their small size and isolation from each other (which influence the maintenance of species); their restricted role in preventing the many factors affecting biodiversity, such as climate change, invasive species, and pollution); their high costs; and their increasing conflict with human demands for nature's resources.
NAA11 is located on chromosome 4q21.21 in human and 5 E3 in mouse, and only contains two exons.
Under pressure from organisations such as Amnesty International, the UK government has recently signed the Council of Europe Convention on Action against Trafficking in Human Beings.
In particular, Park noted that in order to understand customer demand, the Department of Health and Human Services recognized "the need to rapidly prototype solutions, engage customers in those solutions as soon as possible, and then quickly and repeatedly iterate those solutions based on working with customers".
López supporters say he was never charged with a crime, tried, or allowed to rebut the allegations; he sued Venezuela and his case was reviewed by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, which issued a unanimous ruling in his favor.
In 1999, Huang Yan began a series of paintings/photographs of traditional Chinese landscape paintings using the human body as a canvas, called Chinese Landscapes.
 The Outdatedness of Human Beings 2.
The field has also been known by other names over many decades, including human sciences, home science, domestic economy, and (especially many decades ago) the domestic arts, the domestic sciences, or the domestic arts and sciences.
Having separated from his host, the Xio personnel Daichi Ozora due to an enemy attack, X sought the help of SSP and Gai (who returned from his wandering activities) in search for his human host but this however brings the threat of a new enemy.
In 1987 he was found guilty of defaming the Icelandic police in two newspaper articles and fined; he then sued the Icelandic state in the European Court of Human Rights, which in 1992 in an influential ruling found in his favour.
The Guantánamo Bay detention camp has become a symbol of the United States administration's refusal to put human rights and the rule of law at the heart of its response to the atrocities of September 11, 2001.
The Kinsey scale has been praised for dismissing the dichotomous classification of sexual orientation and allowing for a new perspective on human sexuality.
Only Human entered the UK albums chart at number seven, number 8 on the Scottish albums chart and number 9 on the Irish albums chart becoming here forth consecutive top ten album in all three charts.
Wounds caused by silver or holy water will heal at a human rate and leave scars.
The Mother mentions that Sri Aurobindo and Théon had independently and at the same time arrived at some similar conclusions about evolution of human consciousness without having met each other.
She was charged with a number of offences, including being a member of a human rights organisation and stoking "corruption and prostitution".
Due to Midnight Lost Child, no one is sure if Yuji will age like a regular human or be immortal as he is.
Such damage may cause disruption in long-term visual memory and lead to improper associations of human faces.
During the period from December 2019 until May 2020, the office of Minister of Human Rights and Refugees was vacant, with the leading parties in government not finding common ground on naming a new minister; eventually, DNS's Miloš Lučić was decided to take on the role of minister, getting confirmed by Parliament on 15 May 2020.
In 2012, West Nile virus received national attention in the summer of 2012 when health officials in Dallas, Texas declared a state of emergency in response to the unprecedented number of human cases in the state.
The second argument raised by the defence was that the law lacked the certainty required to be valid under Article 7 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
However, a spokeswoman for the Campaign reiterated that their aim was to "re-affirm women’s sex-based rights, as set out in international human rights documents".
Using genetic reprogramming, pluripotent stem cells equivalent to embryonic stem cells have been derived from human adult skin tissue.
Prevalence of human immunodeficiency virus-associated cognitive impairment in a group of Hispanic women at risk for neurological impairment.
Amnesty International expressed concern that "his human rights activism on behalf of Palestinians" may be the reason for his imprisonment.
It may have helped develop human solidarity in its early stages.
Human and AI players control the management of colonies, technology development, ship construction, inter-species diplomacy, and combat.
In the 1990s Loye wrote about Charles Darwin’s case for moral evolution rather than the "survival of the fittest/selfish gene theory" mindset as a higher order prime driver for human evolution.
Far more intelligent and ambitious than the lazy majority of her kind, she was able to secure Barry's help in removing most of her hair so that she could pass for human.
This is a substantive – if abstract – thesis about the basic social relations involved in giving and getting, taking and receiving in human society, and their consequences for the way work and wealth is shared out.
Recombinant human insulin was first approved for clinical trials in 1980.
To date, the hemangioblast has been identified in human, mouse and zebrafish embryos.
Bach has to be explored as part of something complete, unique, of a universe – an aspect of human realism."
The division features a simulated hospital area and one of only two Human Patient Simulators in the state.
Kasper gave a negative opinion of the show's editing, saying that she was disappointed at how she was "made into the concept the show wanted me to be," and that they "played with human relationships."
At that point the Seeker strikes - sneaking up on an lone unsuspecting human and activating the strangle ability on the target, which deals increasing amounts of damage until a soldier can shoot it off the targeted squadmate.
Betty Roodish Goodwin,  (March 19, 1923 – December 1, 2008) was a multidisciplinary Canadian artist who expressed the complexity of human experience through her work.
At this point the human soul can merge into the One.
In May 1998, Celera Genomics was formed, to rapidly accelerate the human DNA sequencing process.
In April 2017 the Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission announced that it will lead an investigation into the practice of carding in Halifax.
Bruno Bluthgeld's dog Terry is capable of imitating simple human speech, while some species of felines may have developed their own evolved languages.
More particularly, the merger was based on the One Health principle that states that the areas of human health, animal health and the environment are inherently connected with each other.
The former lakebed is now used as cropland, and agriculture is the most important human land use in the region.
The Human rights of Saudi Arabia are specified in article 26 of the Basic Law of Saudi Arabia.
The debates stem from the complexity of the interrelated tissues and the absence of an animal model that matches human vaginal development.
 William Human as Wilbur McBean
The North Pacific has already been identified as a hotspot for human threats for marine mammals and now is also a hotspot of vulnerability to global warming.
But his satire, Hazlitt maintains, is of a shallow kind founded in dismissal of human feeling, in superficial contempt for the true poetry of life.
Williamson was an early proponent of human gene therapy, writing presciently in 1982: "Gene therapy is not yet possible, but may become feasible soon, particularly for well understood gene defects.
The Department of Conservation has advised that human food products are unhealthy for a kea's digestive system and temporarily decrease their appetite.
The protagonist is a miraculously surviving stalker from a "death truck" (used to remove the bodies of dead stalkers from the center of the Zone; such a truck has a radiation background that is many times higher than normal human living conditions).
Donor human milk and maternal expressed breast milk are both associated with this benefit.
The Convention provides an important contribution to the implementation of the Council of Europe’s objectives, namely to promote democracy, human rights and the rule of law and to seek common solutions to the main problems facing European society today.
David Braine, (2014), Language and Human Understanding: The Roots of Creativity in Speech and Thought, The Catholic University of America Press.
 George Conway, attorney, anti-Trump critic (former Republican before 2018, now Independent) Chad Griffin, founder of American Foundation for Equal Rights, former President of Human Rights Campaign (2012–2019)
Pinta (also known as azul, carate, empeines, lota, mal del pinto, and tina) is a human skin disease caused by infection with the spirochete Treponema carateum, which is morphologically and serologically indistinguishable from the bacterium that causes syphilis.
They transmit the pathogens that cause the animal and human diseases East Coast fever, anaplasmosis, babesiosis, rickettsiosis, Boutonneuse fever, Lyme disease, Q fever, Rocky Mountain spotted fever, and Crimean–Congo hemorrhagic fever, and they inject a neurotoxin in their bite that leads to tick-caused paralysis.
From the beginning, the game was planned with the feature of transforming into a dragon in mind, and even included a third form, halfway between the dragon and human forms, which would have served as a powerful form for fighting on the ground.
The Psychonauts are an international espionage agency focused on psychic peacekeeping, scientific research of the human mind, and the development of psychic-based technologies.
In June 2016, Morrow described Trump as "a disgrace to the human species."
He has a human head, a lion head, a boar head and a fierce head.
In accordance with the principles of human dignity and equal treatment guaranteed by the Constitution of Estonia, the Supreme Court found that family law also protected the right of people of the same sex to live in Estonia as a family.
After her flight on STS-85, Davis was assigned to NASA Headquarters as the Director of the Human Exploration and Development of Space (HEDS), Independent Assurance Office for the Office of Safety and Mission Assurance.
However, while the government has improved its efforts to stop human trafficking, inadequate funding and training remain restricting the capability of the officer division to manage various investigations and prosecutions in the whole country.
In 2008, a finding of approximately 28 Stone Age handaxes in material from the bottom of the North Sea strengthened the evidence of human settlements in the area.
It is a collection of novellas, previously published in other anthologies, about Harry working for Bigfoot to help when his half human son gets into trouble.
Gaza War fatalities estimates made by human rights NGOs and by the involved combatants:
He was named Majority Floor Leader and continued to chair the Senate Health Committee, and also served as Vice-Chairman of the Senate Energy Committee and Human Services Committee.
Human Radio - "Me and Elvis" (1990) (co-directed by Alex Winter)
2012 Yuan Chang & Patrick S. Moore, Old Themes and New Variations in Human Tumor Virology
The newest programme offering the Master of Human Capital Leadership (MHCL) has been accredited by Chartered Institute of Personnel & Development and the students visit the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania for their overseas segment.
 "Falling" — Keri Latimer (Nathan), Heather Antenbring, Jennifer Thiessen (La La La Human Steps), Chris Bauer (American Flamewhip, The Perpetrators)
In addition, as human wisdom develops, it can be interpreted in a form in which the complex loyalty, filial piety, and heat appearing in Shimcheongjeon, Chunhyangjeon are refracted and accepted.
Julia Esquivel, Guatemalan writer and human rights activist
In doing so, the Caucus utilizes international standards as a basis for defining an individual's right to freedom of religious belief, including Article 18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights which states:
 The July 13, 2004 Tornado Event: The Contributions of Evolving Paradigms & Human Factors in the Warning Process (Lyle Barker ~ NWS Central Illinois)
Sound of Torture is a 2013 documentary film written and directed by Israeli filmmaker Keren Shayo which follows Eritrean radio host and human rights activist Meron Estefanos as she reports on Eritrean refugees who have been captured in Sudan while migrating across the Sinai Peninsula into Israel.
The Museo Nacional de Antropología (MUNA) or National Museum of Anthropology, founded in 1883 by David Joaquín Guzmán, has exhibits on human settlements, agriculture, artisans, commerce and trade, religion, arts and communication.
In contrast, noise in electronics may not be audible to the human ear and may require instruments for detection.
Previously used as a metaphor for theatricality, performance is now often employed as a heuristic principle to understand human behaviour.
Pinger was not born as a beastman; rather, she was a human street urchin kidnapped and experimented on by Tracey, who abandoned Pinger upon discovering that beastmen naturally existed.
The school is governed by an autonomous body, the Board of Governors, which is appointed by the Ministry of Human Resources Development, Government of India, and is managed operationally by the headmaster or headmistress, who is an ex officio member of the Board as well as the Member Secretary.
Its original human inhabitants were the Lenni-Lenape tribe of American Indians.
He refuted the belief, widely held by Christian scholars of the time, that Hebrew was the primeval language of the human race.
Bayesian Theory of Mind : modeling human reasoning about beliefs, desires, goals, and social relations Chris L. Baker, (2006)
In 2008 Yuan Chang and Patrick S. Moore developed a new method to identify cancer viruses based on computer subtraction of human sequences from a tumor transcriptome, called digital transcriptome subtraction (DTS).
The organization's mission is "to build a powerful movement for a more just and participatory media and digital world—with racial equity and human rights for all."
Human targets were used to test grenades positioned at various distances and in various positions.
Io escaped across the Ionian Sea to Egypt, where she was restored to human form by Zeus.
The "Social Assistance" State leads to a loss of human energies; an inordinate increase in bureaucratic public agencies is not the best way to solve these problems (#48).
Throughout the book, a character with the self-appointed name, "Slim MacKenzie" uses his psychic powers to hunt Goblins - a kind of monster that seems to have the ability to mimic human beings.
The St. Jones Neck area has seen human activity for about 8,000 years.
Its expression is nearly ubiquitous in human tissues with little indication that its expression level changes drastically in diseased tissues.
He then moved to the Medical College of Virginia in Richmond, Virginia to work with Walter Nance, the preeminent geneticist/clinician working in this area under whose mentorship he earned a doctorate in human genetics.
She was invited to speak at the United Nations Human Rights Council accompanied by the two other mothers: Bat Galim Shaer and Iris Yifrach.
She became the executive director of Legal and Human Rights Center in 2018.
He has since served as a Trustee of Anti-Slavery International and as a consultant to the United Nations Global Program on Trafficking of Human Beings.
A range of types of wart have been identified, varying in shape and site affected, as well as the type of human papillomavirus involved.
In a related vein, Joe Harless was at work developing and refining his own approach to expanding and refining the way problems of human performance were being approached.
 The case of a cat that was videotaped speaking purported human words and phrases such as "Oh my dog", "Oh Long John", "Oh Long Johnson", "Oh Don piano", "Why I eyes ya", and "All the live long day" became an Internet phenomenon in 2006.
Both pathways require a variety of entry requirements whether it be passing year 12 Maths, English and Human Biology along with receiving a specific Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) also known as a score for university or providing prior learning experiences and legal clearances for TAFE.
 M. A. Muid Khan  barrister who was selected as the Best Human Rights Lawyer of England and Wales for 2012 by the Chartered Institute of Legal Executives; in September 2012, he was ranked as third in the top five Chartered Legal Executive Lawyers of England and Wales by the Law Society
Given its size and diversity, the concept of Asia—a name dating back to classical antiquity—may actually have more to do with human geography than physical geography.
 Anything relating to the human home or family
He must return to the world and marry a human maiden.
The Road, a 2010 novel in the Being Human series by Simon Guerrier
Mutabar Tadjibayeva (Uzbek: Mo'tabar Tojiboyeva) is an independent journalist and human rights activist.
The colleges are headed by their respective deans, the Institute of Management―which is part of the College of Social Sciences―by a director, and the Human Kinetics Program―which is part of the College of Science―by a coordinator.
A History of Human Rights and Wrongs.
Human Rights Watch said on 12 February that former president Omar al-Bashir would answer for his crimes in Darfur (since Sudanese leaders plan to cooperate with the International Criminal Court), but support from Sudan's military was uncertain.
Beck and Otto Binder's Fatman the Human Flying Saucer makes his debut.
Surface water has lost its unique character due to impact of human activity.
Human relationships, sex and emotional fulfillment are a significant part of the post-Vedic Sanskrit literature such as the major Hindu epics: the Mahabharata and the Ramayana.
No species of crescentchest is considered by the IUCN to be threatened by human activities, but the Marañón crescentchest is listed as near threatened.
Lobbying by human rights groups and the Japan Federation of Bar Associations resulted in the passing of a judicial reform bill in May 2004, which introduced a lay-judge system in 2009, which is often confused with the jury system in common law countries.
World Day of Prayer, Human Rights Day, May Friendship Day, and World Community Day.
After these domestic avenues were exhausted, in 1996 the union made an application to the European Court of Human Rights, alleging breach of freedom of association under article 11 ECHR and protection against discrimination under article 14 ECHR.
The financial crime expert Veit Buetterlin explained that transnational crime types such as counterfeiting, smuggling, human trafficking, drug trafficking, illegal logging, illegal mining, or illegal wildlife trade can only be effective if the involved crime networks can launder the proceeds.
Many of his pieces echo the styles of other works such as those by Auguste Rodin, who moved away from reality in his early period and whose style was more concerned with monumental expression than with character, or Michaelangelo, whose style reflected exaggerated poses and idealized the human form.
Ecosystems and landscapes are dramatically altered by human development, including the construction of roads and damming of rivers.
The memory of the Century Series computers used machine made, short, iron-oxide coated ceramic rods—  long and approximately the diameter of a human hair— as their random access memories, instead of the hand-labor-intensive core memories that were used by other computers of the time.
This leads Shapiro to his claim that democracy is a subordinate or conditioning good: one that shapes the terms of human interaction without thereby determining its course.
By six votes, the minimum for adoption as a minority position, the committee approved another responsum by Rabbi Leonard Levy, delineating ways in which to ensure that gays and lesbians would be accorded human dignity and a respected place in Conservative communities and institutions while maintaining the authority of the traditional prohibitions against same-sex sexual activity.
In Human Societies: An Introduction to Macrosociology, 156-201.
Recording of the album took place at The Magic Shop and Human Worldwide Studios in New York City.
Relevant theories helping to understand human behavior include utility theory, principal-agent theory, need hierarchy theory, two factor theory, cognitive evaluation theory, expectancy theory, goal-setting theory, and equity theory.
Luminous flux differs from power (radiant flux) in that radiant flux includes all electromagnetic waves emitted, while luminous flux is weighted according to a model (a "luminosity function") of the human eye's sensitivity to various wavelengths.
The following are some of the gene count estimates of human chromosome 13.
The school offers MBA degree with majors in Brand management, Consulting, Funds management, Global management, Health sector management, Human resources management, Innovation and entrepreneurship, Investment banking, and Risk management and financial engineering.
He gave all his life principles to human beings."
and Ph.D. in Human Development and Family Studies.
The process also enhances learning about human rights since it involves a sharing of stories rather than a blaming and defending of harms.
Her research on early human origins was featured as a research highlight by the European Research Council in 2018, with fellow grantees Tom Higham and Svante Paabo.
The exhibition uses the medium of film and fiction to explore how emerging technologies are redefining human relationships and architecture.
National Human Rights Commission of India sent a request to the Maharashtra police chief asking for a report with details of action taken against the accused and any relief provided to relatives of the victims, to be sent within four weeks.
Chopra was also involved in the second systemic racial discrimination case in the Canadian public service, when it was found by a Canadian Human Rights Tribunal that his employer, Health Canada had discriminated against him on the basis of his race.
His speech was followed up with a Miami Herald interview in which he expressed an interest to build and develop hotels, amusement parks, and colonies for human beings who were in orbit.
An autonomous intelligent agent is designed to function in the absence of human intervention.
2012 she got a role as the recurring character Eve Sands in the TV series Being Human.
Centrade Cheil CEO Radu Florescu claimed during an interview that the human resources department had only received one complaint in 2014 regarding Ionescu's behavior and that he had been reprimanded accordingly.
Bartolomeo Eustachi (c. 1500–1510 – 27 August 1574), also known by his Latin name of Bartholomaeus Eustachius (), was an Italian anatomist and one of the founders of the science of human anatomy.
In 2008, she earned her Ph.D. from the Human Computer Interaction Institute in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University in 2008.
In A Brief Tour of Human Consciousness, neuroscientist V.S.
A pawtograph is a print of an animal's paw, regarded in some contexts as equivalent to a human signature.
From the programme notes:The Minotaur does not fully comprehend the duality of his physical nature as half-bull, half-man; only in sleep and, ultimately, in death does his human side become evident.
Dickey denounced Darlington in a 1981 letter to the principal and asked to be expunged from the rolls saying "a more disgusting combination of cant, hypocrisy, cruelty, class privilege and inanity I have never since encountered at any human institution."
Exceptions to protect private interests and human rights, such as:
Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception & Performance, 31, 558-583.
Rayne is an unholy breed of human and vampire known as a dhampir.
The Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India awarded him a Senior Fellowship during 1997-98 to write a trilogy of novels.
Best estimates that up to 115 million animals are killed globally every year to produce these drugs, which force human victims to succumb to the medical–industrial complex for profit by treating only the symptoms.
Lead writer Mary DeMarle said that the team had no plans for a sequel during production of Human Revolution, since their primary goal was to return Deus Ex to the public eye.
In this respect, Sosnovska hoped her role as Lena had helped, if even a little, since "the more human faces you can put to this story, the better".
He believes that the domination of English is tantamount to linguicism and linguicide, and that addressing the problem of linguistic hegemony is crucial to the development of human and cultural security.
It is about a time, place and culture far removed from our own, and yet it connects directly and deeply with our human feelings.
He is the only human who is resistant to George's memory-erasing thermoblast.
Detractors say the bill includes measures that will infringe on the human rights of asylum seekers by stripping important due process protections, criminalizing status over which they may have no control, and dramatically limiting their access to essential services.
It was shown that the 2.4 kb transcript of this gene is universally expressed in all human tissues.
The varna system is propounded in revered Hindu religious texts, and understood as idealised human callings.
In 2021, the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) approved the oral antiviral protease inhibitor, Paxlovid (nirmatrelvir plus AIDS drug ritonavir), to treat adult patients.
But still the education infrastructure, equipment and human resources are not in place to cater to the rising higher education students.
There are still many compounds that are potentially damaging to human and environmental health found in many detergent cleaning products; and just because a product is labeled as “green” does not mean it is safe.
This can be demonstrated in the literary naturalism's focus in the United States during the late nineteenth century on the larger forces that determine the lives of its characters as depicted in agricultural machines portrayed as immense and terrible, shredding "entangled" human bodies without compunction.
The declaration was preceded in 1974, by the Declaration on the Establishment of a New International Economic Order and in 1977 by a resolution of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights.
The National Guard developed a reputation for police brutality and human rights abuses in El Salvador, and was disbanded on 16 January 1992 as part of the Chapultepec Peace Accords to end the Salvadoran Civil War.
 Gerhard Medicus, Being Human - Bridging the Gap between the Sciences of Body and Mind.
 The Judicial Pensions (European Court of Human Rights) Order 1998 (S.I.
Several international instruments, to which Iran is party and accepted, such as the International Covenant on Economic Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR), the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), and the UNESCO Convention against Discrimination in Education clearly guarantee the right to education to all people without discrimination.
M-CSF, LIF), bone marrow stromal cells have been described to be involved in human hematopoiesis and inflammatory processes.
De Groot describes chimei as "another demon-tribe" because the "Chinese place in their great class of hill-spirits certain quadrumana, besides actual human beings, mountaineers alien to Chinese culture, perhaps a dying race of aborigines."
Sex and Destiny: The Politics of Human Fertility.
From the beginnings of human behavioral modernity in the Upper Paleolithic, about 40,000 years ago, examples of zoomorphic (animal-shaped) works of art occur that may represent the earliest known evidence of anthropomorphism.
Soundtrack to Human Motion is the debut album led by American pianist and composer Jason Moran which was recorded in 1998 and released on the Blue Note label the following year.
Based on animal studies, parathion is considered by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to be a possible human carcinogen.
After the success of 2003's If You Were Me, South Korea's National Commission on Human Rights commissioned a second omnibus film in 2006, If You Were Me 2.
On November 28, 2005, Hall was appointed chief commissioner of the Ontario Human Rights Commission.
He then formed the IARE, inviting notably Johanson, an American anthropologist and founding director of the Institute of Human Origins of Arizona State University; Jon Kalb, an American geologist; and Yves Coppens, a French-born paleontologist now based at the Collège de France, to co-direct the research.
The following clinics are currently offered: Criminal Law Defense Practicum, Criminal Law Prosecution Practicum, Discrimination Clinic, Elder Law Clinic, Family Law Mediation Clinic, International Human Rights Clinic, Legal Services Clinic (includes Immigration, Family, and Housing Law), Real Estate Practicum, and the Small Business Clinic.
Some were painted with human figures, animals, florals and mythological motifs.
Thus, each human bears the responsibility for the fate of his own soul, and simultaneously shares in the responsibility for the fate of the world.
Importance of soil for global food security, agro-ecosystem, environment, and human life has exponentially shifted the trends of research towards soil health.
Archaeological evidence indicates that islands of Feefen and Wééné Islands had human settlements in the first and second century BC.
Finally, advocacy on an international level is being implemented through submitting shadow reports to the international human rights protection mechanisms, issuing the organization’s newsletter (more than 6,000 international subscribers) and participating in the activities of the regional LGBT* networks.
These human activities in the watershed alter stream morphology and increase sediment buildup and temperature, which disrupt the substrate composition in the streambed and can lead to reduced feeding, growth, and reproductive success for P. sciera.
He served for five years as Secretary of Health & Human Services for Oklahoma Governor Frank Keating until he resigned on January 15, 2002 to run for Governor of Oklahoma.
He can be no companion to any human being!"
Its stated short-term goal is landing the first woman on the Moon; mid-term objectives include establishing an international expedition team and a sustainable human presence on the Moon.
Ultrasound recordings have captured in utero images of human fetuses at 13–14 gestational weeks "creeping and climbing" and producing alternating steps.
Twist1 and Twist2, as well as ZEB1 protects human cells and mouse embryonic fibroblasts from senescence.
Wyndham Hotels & Resorts has partnered with Polaris Project to develop comprehensive training and educational tools for hotel owners and franchisees, property-level staff and employees at its corporate offices and call centers to educate them about all aspects of human trafficking.
Eby J. Jose  (born 28 March 1972) is a journalist and human rights activist from Kizhathadiyoor village, Palai, Kottayam District in Kerala, India.
The senatorial management of Francisco Domínguez Brito, under the slogan A management for All, was set as a goal since its inception to support the process of school, human and professional training of the citizens of Santiago.
Where the human form has been depicted in the form of Durga, Nomad, Ravana, Ullas, etc.
Quoting readily article 224 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights the Voices of the Voiceless, also carries a broader discourse of defense of the economic and social rights of the Congolese population which leads them to regularly take up subjects such as purchasing power, social unrest, or the fate of isolated people, in particular the elderly.
Labor unions, human rights, and some Hispanic organizations attacked the guest workers program, claiming that it would create a group of underclass workers with no benefits.
 Cheryl Jacques, first openly-lesbian member of the Massachusetts Senate and later president of the Human Rights Campaign
Since 2011, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is supporting the development of such toilets as part of their "Reinvent the Toilet Challenge" to promote safer, more effective ways to treat human excreta.
by the Ceutrons, there is no evidence of a human presence in the commune of Sainte-Foy before the Romans settled there around the 3rd century B.C.
The word žmogus – man, human, historically had the nominative singular žmuo (compare Latin homō).
She has presented evidence on the problem of human trafficking to the Ohio House of Representatives and Ohio Senate.
One of the earliest residents and founder of Spatterjay, the Skinner has been cut off from supplies of dome grown human food and has been turned by the Spatterjay virus into a hybrid monster.
 2000 : (in collaboration with K. A. Miller, L. O. Mearns and S. Rhodes) "Effects of Changing Climate on Weather and Human Activities" University Science Books / University Corporation for Atmospheric Research (UCAR) 
Objects depicting human and animal figures and paraphernalia suggesting spiritual life are also part of the museum collection.
Compare the seal character for kui 夔 "a legendary demon with a human face and body of a monkey/dragon", which resembles the seal character for nao with the addition of what appears to be long hair on its head.
About 84% of the population depends on the public healthcare system, which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.
Mackenzie has served on numerous editorial boards including Management Science, Organizational studies, International Journal of Organizational Analysis, Journal of Management Inquiry, Human Systems Management, and Engineering Management Research.''
The program runs durability tests 24/7 with the use of ASI vehicle automation technology and was specifically launched to remove human durability drivers from Ford's most punishing durability tracks.
Human Diastrophism appeared in Love and Rockets 21–26 (July 1987 – June 1988, and then in a revised and collected form as part of The Complete Love and Rockets, Volume 8: Blood of Palomar from Fantagraphics Books.
The punishment was criticized by activists and human rights organisations as too low.
Unrecognized religious groups, including Hòa Hảo groups, face constant monitoring, harassment, and intimidation, according to a 2020 Human Rights Watch report, and their followers are subjected to public criticism, forced abandonment of faith, arrest, questioning, torture, and incarceration.
Beyond Borders:  Refugees, Migrants and Human Rights in the Post-Cold War Era.
From 2019 to 2020, Foster served on the Agriculture and Natural Resoures, Health and Human Services, Military and Veterans Affairs, and Transportation committees.
Since 2004, Donne has worked with Latin American human rights organisations and appeared as a guest of Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez on a live broadcast of his television programme "Alo Presidente" in September 2007.
Different toxins will aggravate the human body in different ways.
Once in human form, they also possess the same deadly attributes of Breach himself, but are totally enslaved by their natural instincts.
He can throw small objects with nearly unerring accuracy, and his aim is nearly the peak of what a non-superpowered human can accomplish.
The human genome includes approximately 20,000 protein coding genes and 70% of these genes are expressed in the normal adult adrenal glands.
Security is the process or means, physical or human, of delaying, preventing, and otherwise protecting against external or internal, defects, dangers, loss, criminals, and other individuals or actions that threaten, hinder or destroy an organization’s “steady state,” and deprive it of its intended purpose for being.
Ofatumumab is the first marketing application for an antibody produced by Genmab, as well as the first human monoclonal antibody which targets the CD20 molecule that will be available for patients with refractory CLL.
He merely wanted no part of killing other human beings.
Archaeological remains of ancient human activities are designated 'features' and numbered accordingly.
The pottery is bichrome / polychrome style and it dates as early as the 13th century BC; its many geometric, human, and animal motifs are painted in browns and dark reds on a pinkish-tan slip.
The band has released a split EP with Grace & Thieves, and a full-length album, titled, A Human Comedy  which debuted No.
Human Rights and Development in Africa (1984) co-edited with Ronald Meltzer, examined the emergent “Right to Development.” As mentioned above, it was selected by Choice, as one of the Outstanding Academic Books of 1984.
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights concluded his detention was arbitrary and requested the Vietnamese government to release him and provide compensation.
The targets of the victims' intended criminal complaint included director Cullum McAlpine, and head of human resources, David Cochrane, who was a later chairman of the Association.
During her doctoral and then postdoctoral period at Yale, she was part of the first studies to use non-invasive fMRI to investigate cognitive functions in the human brain.
No definitive work has yet demonstrated that telomerase can be used in human somatic cells to prevent healthy tissues from aging.
The human ACAT1 gene produces a chimeric mRNA through trans-splicing, a process in which separate transcripts from chromosomes 1 and 7 are spliced together.
His book about the Dennis Banks case, Loud Hawk: The United States vs. the American Indian Movement (1994), won the Gustave Myers Center Award as outstanding book on human rights.
The Social Change Assistance Trust (SCAT) is a South African non-profit advocacy organisation established in 1984 to advocate for human rights and social justice philanthropy.
On February 17, 1919, station 9XM at the University of Wisconsin in Madison broadcast human speech to the public at large.
Rotimi moved to Howard University in 1990, where he worked with Georgia M. Dunston at the National Human Genome Center.
Throughout the video, several inter-cuts of archive footage feature heavy use of modern technology and small scenes of human functionality.
Nevertheless, it is clear that the presence of an excess of centrosomes is a common event in human tumors.
He has a Master of Journalism degree in Journalism from Guru Jamveshwar University and PG Diploma in Human Rights.
She also runs a summer course on Human Security at the Summer School since 2017 at Sciences Po.
Director Kore-eda said the film is about the loneliness of urban life and the question of what it means to be human.
Sobral – O Homem que Não Tinha Preço is a 2013 Brazilian documentary film directed by Paula Fiuza about the jurist Sobral Pinto, who faced the dictatorship in Brazil and became one of the greatest defenders of human rights in the country's history.
The overall message contained in Kim Won-il's work, which ended in the 1993 nine-volume novel The Evergreen Pine is that historically determined suffering can be overcome, as can human frailty.
He commented that "Lemonick's interactions with these scientists is the overwhelming strength of this very human story".
These are all compounds that are beneficial to the human gastrointestinal tract.
For almost forty years she worked professionally and on a volunteer basis with the Shriners to alleviate human suffering.
And despite the police cordon, the anarchists and Antifa chose to stay at a distance greater than a human hand's reach.
From 2006 to 08 he chaired the German Society of Human Genetics.
The author who leads the Population Research Institute opposes the standard Malthusian idea that overpopulation is a threat to human prosperity and future.
Traditional and prevailing theory had speculated that organisms were already preformed in the seed (theory of preformation), that is in the human a homunculus was already sitting in the sperm.
And then it does not react as a human component."
William Snelgrave and Archibald Dalzel wrote key histories and memoirs of Dahomey presenting the case for the slave trade to save the population from human sacrifice.
Dipylidium caninum, also called the flea tapeworm, double-pored tapeworm, or cucumber tapeworm (in reference to the shape of its cucumber-seed-like proglottids, though these also resemble grains of rice or sesame seeds), is a cyclophyllid cestode that infects organisms afflicted with fleas and canine chewing lice, including dogs, cats, and sometimes human pet-owners, especially children.
Garry Jacobs and Ivo Šlaus, Human Capital & Sustainability, Sustainability 3, no.
The Young Lords, a human rights movement under the leadership of Jose Cha Cha Jimenez respectfully worked with the Latin Kings and held sit-ins with L.A.D.O.
In 2021, Veale gave a Radio New Zealand interview about the anti-trans backlash to weightlifter Laurel Hubbard representing New Zealand at the 2020 Olympics, in which she described the response as an attempt to deny trans people their human rights.
Apart from the known essential elements, most elements have only received direct biological study in connection with their significance to human health; this has incidentally included study of some laboratory animals such as chickens and rats, and plants of agricultural importance.
Qin Yongmin () (born 11 August 1953) is a Chinese author, political commentator, human rights activist and co-founder of the Democratic Party of China.
He had also served as Director, Human Rights Commission and the Registrar of Companies.
The Trump administration later added Megvii to the Bureau of Industry and Security's Entity List, accusing it of participating in human rights violations in the Chinese government's campaign against Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in Xinjiang.
The Ciskei government police and soldiers formed an armed human blockade at the Fort Jackson, Mount Ruth and Ergeton train stations to prevent commuters from catching the train on 4 August 1983.
Hayflick noticed that one of his cultures of embryonic human fibroblasts had developed an unusual appearance and that cell division had slowed.
The Report sets out a number of underlying principles which are applicable to older persons, importantly the participating states reaffirmed "their belief that the fundamental and inalienable rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights apply fully and undiminished to the aging."
He was named "man of the year" by a panel of journalists and human rights advocates in 1997.
She was highly affected by seeing Pollock's work for the first time in 1942, causing her to reject Hofmann's cubist style which required working from a human or still life model.
The film offers a complex assessment of the human subject, civilization, and the creative act.
The condition of these holes covering the entire tooth is consistent with the modern human ailment amelogenesis imperfecta.
The human in-the-loop process is a way to generate features using domain experts.
Some of the questions ask: "Does not human consciousness originate primarily as a project of the sociological conditions of its coming into being?
Spirometra infections were first described by Patrick Manson from China in 1882, and the first human case was reported by Charles Wardell Stiles from Florida in 1908.
Caucasus hunter-gatherer (CHG), also called Satsurblia Cluster is an anatomically modern human genetic lineage, first identified in a 2015 study, based on the population genetics of several modern Western Eurasian (European, Caucasian and Near Eastern) populations.
No living human being is over 1000 years old, so E ∩ F must be the empty set {}.
Belief is what drives the human mind to hold that expectancy of the future is based on past experience.
The third proof an Imam is hujja is based on the Imam's immunity from the pollution of human sin.
Energy, Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban Development, Interior, Justice, Labor, the Social Security Administration, Transportation, and Veterans Affairs
In April 2010, Allan defended controversial laws which sought to protect development projects from delays caused by environmental challenges by preventing departmental approvals from being challenged in court, which had been criticised by some lawyers and human rights organisations as "draconian".
In contrast to those advocating laicity, accommodationists view the expression of one's religious faith in the public sphere as a human right, such as the wearing of a cross necklace or headcovering, for example.
Michaels, Balling and Christy agreed that global warming is related at least some degree to human activity but that some scientists and the media have overstated the danger.
You know, someone who just kind of appears and, you know [mimics stabbing noise from Psycho] instead of an actual human who you think you can talk to.
The various departments, from design to marketing, from human resources to logistics and distribution, are all located at the company headquarters in Rottendorf, Germany, near the university town of Würzburg.
 Program for Torture Victims - Human Rights Hero Award
After looking at his blood in a microscope, they find unusual, unidentifiable cells that seem resistant to destruction from human white blood cells.
People in countries that lack water and food begin leaving the country in search of resources, prompting an unprecedented human migration.
AngloGold Ashanti is a signatory participant of the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights.
Maslowian portfolio theory (MaPT) creates a normative portfolio theory based on human needs as described by Abraham Maslow.
Some scientists and environmentalists, including Pentti Linkola, Jared Diamond and E. O. Wilson, posit that human population growth is devastating to biodiversity.
She is also a founder of the Helsinki Citizens Assembly, a human rights organization in Turkey.
The werewolves were designed by Robert Hall, of special effects agency Almost Human, and were an intentional departure from the werewolf costume worn by Oz's character on Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Such vampires face persecution from both sides, however, human and vampire alike; it is revealed early on that the creation of the Bund was in large part to provide a haven for the Fangless to live peacefully.
At a time where the climax of whether she was with a baby or not was being distributed among the vampire clan, Kaya was flooded with numerous engagement proposals and wedding interviews - due to Hiraoka claiming she, as a human was a hindrance to the pride-taking clan.
Although a human can communicate many things unintentionally, individuals usually speak or write to elicit some kind of response.
According to the Human Development Report, the average life expectancy in Portugal had reached 82 years in 2017; in 2020 it was estimated at 82.11 years.
The president took part in the opening ceremony of the KaxEU's Kazakh-Japanese Center for Human Resource Development and met with teachers and students of the university.
Throughout April, a limited edition postcard created for the 60th anniversary of the first human spaceflight and featuring an AR design based on one of the artist’s works, Sunset, will be available for postage.
Oller's seminal work on the development of babbling in the human infant helped establish a stage model of vocal development, This work provided definitions for protophones, non-cry sounds that are produced from the first day of life and are precursors to speech.
Their short film Geri's Game used techniques for animation of cloth and of human facial expressions later used in Toy Story 2.
The court called on the Legislative Assembly to enact civil partnerships or a legal equivalent, as required by the European Court of Human Rights' decision in Oliari and Others v Italy and the Bill of Rights of the Constitution, and called on the United Kingdom to step in if the Cayman Government failed to do so.
It is not clear whether the EAAN would be successful against a conception of naturalism which accepts eliminative materialism to be the correct scientific account of human cognition.
Using figures and symbols from Roman and Greek mythology paired with New York buildings and landscapes, the artist charts major milestones in human progress—in terms of art, science, technology, modernization, liberty, democracy, and quality of life.
 The Hunt Is On: Reflections on the Human Genome Project (1994)
History of human presence in Haryana dates back to 100,000 years ago.
The Octopus album also peaked at number six in the UK, becoming the Human League's sixth top-ten album.
States with highest human development: Baja California, Baja California Sur, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Colima, Federal District, Nuevo León, Quintana Roo, Sinaloa, Sonora, and Tamaulipas.
Experiments performed in Xenopus laevis embryos have identified that human frizzled-5 (hFz5) is the receptor for the Wnt5a ligand and the Wnt5a/hFz5 signaling mediates axis induction.
The feminist, human rights, peace, civil rights, and anti-psychiatry movements were some of Millett's principal causes.
He instructed human resource managers at the firm to focus on employment candidates who were "strategists" or "strats," i.e., highly quantitative and technologically proficient.
He is particularly taken by human music, especially Beethoven.
Lehrer, as a result, contends that children raised by conservative Protestant parents "often acquire less human capital in their formative years and may thus be less able to benefit from college" (716).
The diminishing opportunities for examination success by the nineteenth century exacerbated tensions and human frailties.
Referring to those whom he said, "take human beings and make machines of them to speed up production", Nash told a convention of southern business men, "Build a wall higher than Babylon around your city, and write on it 'Efficiency engineers keep out!
 Organization Re-design and Innovative HRM (Oxford University Press, 2008) This was the first book written by Ashok Som, which dealt with organizational redesign including Human Resource Management strategies.
The country increasingly became ignorant of international human rights concerns and criticism.
The estimated human population as of 1991 National Census was 86,565.
High levels of orexin-A have been associated with happiness in human subjects, while low levels have been associated with sadness.
This suggested that the oligosaccharides found in human milk were candidates for the bifidus factor.
In July 2013, he began teaching a human evolutionary genetics class at Pyongyang University of Science and Technology (PUST) in North Korea.
An argument that appears obvious to human intuition may in fact require fairly long formal derivations from the axioms.
In 2012, Seattle Human Services Director Danette Smith said that because of poor conditions under the freeway, it should close or move indoors.
He also commended the directing, saying: "Unshowy to a fault, Hytner delivers a fine, moving comedy of English manners between a writer and his eccentric tenant, which slowly deepens into an exploration of human bonds".
In human APRTase, it is thought that adenine's N9 proton is abstracted by Glu104 to form an oxacarbenium transition state.
L-selectin is also present on the surface of human embryo trophoblasts prior to implantation into the uterus.
 Baroness Shami Chakrabarti, the human rights lawyer, was born in Kenton
In 1995, Amos co-founded the consultancy firm Amos Fraser Bernard and was an adviser to the South African government on public service reform, human rights and employment equity.
A recent paper discusses the possible contribution of human female orgasm to the species' prosociality.
The company analyzes satellite, drone, balloon and other unmanned aerial vehicle images, including cell phone geolocation data, to study a range of human activity, and provides business and other strategic insights from the data.
Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission "Article 18 Freedom of Religion and Belief"
In 2000, the revised NAAQOs framework specifies a Reference Level, above which there are demonstrated effects on human health and/or the environment, and an Air Quality Objective (AQO), which is meant to be protective for the general public and environment and which also considers aspects of technical feasibility.
Some problems apparently involved the phone's ability to detect proximity to a human body and lower the radio power.
Thus, Buddhism's main concern is not with luxury or poverty, but instead with the human response to circumstances.
In 1966, he obtained a PhD in Sociology with a study on economic development and its territorial developments, addressing five Brazilian cities - São Paulo, Belo Horizonte, Blumenau, Porto Alegre and Recife - at the Faculty of Philosophy, Letters and Human Sciences.
R. Albert Mohler, Jr., president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky, wrote August 8, 2005, in NPR's Taking Issue essay series, that "Debates over education, abortion, environmentalism, homosexuality and a host of other issues are really debates about the origin — and thus the meaning — of human life.
Chlamydial isolates cultured in the yolk sacs of embryonating eggs were obtained from a human pneumonitis outbreak in the late 1920s and early 1930s, and by the mid-20th century, isolates had been obtained from dozens of vertebrate species.
From 2003 to 2006, she was the head of the free legal office in Ukraine of the International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights.
In 1986, Gallo, Dharam Ablashi, and Syed Zaki Salahuddin discovered human herpesvirus 6 (HHV-6), later found to cause Roseola infantum, an infantile disease.
A Falun Gong spokesperson clarified that the new scripture simply meant it was time to "bring truth to light" about human rights abuses committed by the Chinese government.
Concurrently, US President Woodrow Wilson became increasingly aware of the human rights violations perpetuated by the new Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, and opposed the new regime's atheism and advocacy of a command economy.
Guruswamy has advised the United Nations Development Fund, New York and United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), New York and UNICEF South Sudan on various aspects of International Human Rights Law and has also supported the constitution-making process in Nepal.
Because of the autobiographical nature of his art, and because he assigned an equal value to the animal, mineral, plant, and human realms, he painted whatever was around him.
When they both safely returned to the human world, their love blossomed, but not without trials.
In space, Fleet Commander Thikair ruefully concludes that human nature compels survivors of Shongairi atrocities to avenge their loved ones at all costs.
The victims of mass mobile tower fraud can be mapped to the security weakness of "the human elements" suggested by Stajano & Wilson (2009).
Bacteriocins have immense potential to treat human disease.
The church is significant for its congregation's participation in the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights rallies for Civil rights in the 1950s and the 1960s under the direction of its pastor, the Rev.
Mijatović also stated that "the way in which these operations are reportedly carried out would clearly be incompatible with Greece's human rights obligations".
As its biological causes have been more precisely determined, it has become more widely recognized that while the primary disease process of OI happens in the bones, the most common types of OI—those caused by type I collagen gene mutations—affect virtually all of the human body's organs in some way.
In 1979, a family searching for arrowheads in Buffalo Cave near Dubois, Idaho, discovered human remains in a burlap sack, consisting of a headless torso.
The Te Henga Valley shows evidence of human settlement dating back many centuries.
At the time of the publication of African Genesis it was generally agreed that human beings evolved from Asian ancestors.
Goddesses such as Mut, Isis and Hathor ruled over and controlled many areas of human activity.
As a dragon, it can be only lured out by the so-called Garabonciás, a human with magical qualities, who later uses the beast as a mount.
 Regis, S. (1993), What is Human Social Functioning (HSF)?, British Association for Counselling, 4(1), 193–196.
They are also currently being studied as an alternative source of collagen for human use, since their thick outer skin contain high levels of collagen that goes to waste when they are eaten or caught as bycatch.
A 2021 report from the Illinois Department of Human Services' Office of the Inspector General stated that systemic mismanagement by the Illinois Veterans Affairs department led to 36 deaths from COVID-19 at the LaSalle Veterans Home.
Earth2Orbit, Satellite & Launch Services, Human Space Systems, Robotic Systems, Infrastructure and High-Tech Facilities, Consulting
As of November 2016, Patexia is officially partnered with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), Yahoo, Inc., and NASA.
The radical differences in thought and behavior of the Aztec and Mayan states, with their worship of entirely new, fierce gods, human sacrifice by the thousands and complete unfamiliarity with European styles of diplomacy created a sense that conquest was not a war between states but the conquering, by a civilized, society against a ferocious, barbarous enemy.
The human mouth utilises the lips, tongue and jaws for articulation.
North Dakota Human Rights Coalition
Pavel Wonka (January 21, 1953 in Vrchlabí – April 24, 1988 in Hradec Králové) was a Czechoslovak liberal political activist, dissident, human rights activist, anti-communist, and the last political prisoner to die in a communist prison in the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic.
This was due to his previous work at Human Entertainment being in the adventure game and visual novel genres.
Systems with semantic interoperability can not only exchange data effortlessly, but also interpret and communicate that data to human users in a meaningful, actionable way.
These two perverse villains destroy or poison all that is within their reach, all semblance of warmth or human affection.
How their relationship evolves and where it leads to forms the core of Nilavu's journey, exploring human emotions and the different shades of love, perception and belief.
...The way John Galvin talked about Doug Flutie, the little guy the Jets will face Sunday seemed almost human.
Ivalice (during the setting of the game) has technology in line with the late medieval era of human history along with the typical magic and supernatural abilities found in most Final Fantasy games.
He reinforced an Aristotelian concept explaining the human mind that fit teachings of the Church—the idea of a soul.
Goans and hopefully every decent human being are more cultural than religious in this age.
Firstly, the cost of HIV on many facets of life, outside of simply human well-being, was underestimated in the past.
Psychopaths refuse to adopt social and moral norms because they are not swayed by the emotions, such as guilt, remorse, or fear of retribution, that influence other human beings.
Bulgaria has a high Human Development Index of 0.813, ranking 51st in the world in 2018 and holds the 38th position in Newsweeks rankings of the world's best countries to live in, measuring health, education, political environment and economic dynamism.
The secret of his restaurant success was that he uses human meat to serve his customers, adding concoctions from his book to make it extra special.
Furthermore, Tibetan activists inside Tibet have until recently focused on independence, not human rights.
Professor Lull’s theoretical work became directly focused on the role of communication in shaping human evolution with publication of Culture-on-Demand: Communication in a Crisis World in 2007.
Lois Sweet argues that "public schools must begin to examine ways to include the spiritual dimension of human existence in a non-indoctrinating way," by teaching worldviews that are sensitive to religious differences and by emphasizing the features of religion and spirituality that overlap.
A human is his past, no more and no less, and a nation is its history.
Money is used for all forms of trade, from daily shopping at the supermarket to trafficking in human beings and drugs.
Heidegger's concept of Time is different from the time as a priori knowledge for Kant, which is actually the temporality (Zeitlichkeit, shijian xing) of Dasein (the experience of being that is peculiar to human beings).
Remains of a timber long house on the hill summit have been dated to the third millennium BC and may represent the earliest human occupation of the region.
The well equipped Molecular & Human Genetics Laboratory is a feather in the cap.
He notably partnered with "Tamkeen" which operates under the umbrella of the Knowledge and Human Development Authority in Dubai.
In November 2017, the Government of Canada sanctioned Rangel Gómez as being someone who participated in "significant acts of corruption or who have been involved in serious violations of human rights".
 "The Human Impersonator" – 8:08
In their citation, the jurors wrote: “In the spirit of Enlightenment, Weinberger acts in these texts as an agent provocateur for a better world, as a great warner against the loss of freedom and human dignity."
Civilian deaths were detailed in the Russian study - Human Losses of the USSR in the Period of WWII: Civilian deaths by intentional actions of violence 7,420,000; Deaths of forced laborers 2,164,000; Deaths due to famine and disease 8,500,000 (including 4.1 million in the occupied territories).
The single was released as a digital download on 20 December, while the band have since confirmed the deluxe re-release of Be Human will be available in February 2010.
The lost sheep or coin represents a lost human being.
Following this, he advocates the expansion of the dialectical eco-socialist potential of groups through sustaining the confrontation and internal cohesion of human ecosystems, leading to an "activation" of potentials in others that will "spread across the whole social field" as "a new set of orienting principles" that define an ideology or "'party-life' formation".
Ganga Sharan Singh Award (Devnagari: गंगाशरण सिंह पुरस्कार) is a literary honour in India which Kendriya Hindi Sansthan, (Central Hindi Organization), Ministry of Human Resource Development, annually confers on writers of outstanding works in Hindi Literature.
It illustrates the dry humour of how pretentious human relations can be and how there is a quid pro quo in all relations no matter how genuine they may seem.
Probably, as in other human communities that have the cattle as traditional economic base, the property of this established social hierarchies.
As a result of the higher radiation in the Martian environment, the summary report of the Review of U.S. Human Space Flight Plans Committee released in 2009 reported that "Mars is not an easy place to visit with existing technology and without a substantial investment of resources."
Bill C-268 has received broad support from stakeholders concerned with human trafficking including law enforcement, victims’ services, First Nations representatives, and religious and secular non-governmental organizations.
His 1960 book The Human Side of Enterprise had a profound influence on education practices.
Throughout most of her appearances, Margaret has been involved in one way or another in changing her husband, Curt, back into his human form from being the Lizard.
In Medicine, the characters are told, "A roll dipped in human blood .
The human rights group said its reporting provided the necessary proof, arguing in a 4 July statement that "the technology used to spy on Omar Radi's phone required the control over telephone operators, which only the government could exert in order to hack the Internet connection."
The making of ghee (clarified butter), which was sold as an oil for human consumption and as a fuel for lighting lamps, was profitable.
Hubbard's emotional tone scale, classifying individuals and human behaviour on a chart running from +40 (the most beneficial) to -40 (the least beneficial), gave sexual perversions a score of 1.1, "the level of the pervert, the hypocrite, the turncoat, ... the subversive".
Light also aids the Human Flame and Libra in the murder of the Martian Manhunter.
Pigs can also be placed in a vehicle in a good approximation of a seated human.
In addition to documents and videos available via the Internet or provided by a human source, others are obtained after U.S. or allied forces have taken control of a facility or site formerly operated by a foreign government or terrorist group.”
Social psychology is concerned with how behaviors, thoughts, feelings, and the social environment influence human interactions.
Pınar İlkkaracan is a researcher trained both in psychotherapy and political science and a human rights activist.
The player assigns each character a race at creation time: Human, Elf, Half-orc, Gnome or Dwarf.
Amal Fathy (born  September 1, 1984) is an Egyptian democracy activist and human rights defender.
During more than forty years he has investigated a great many cases of human rights abuse aimed at minority group of Christians.
 Pagnoni G, Zink CF, Montague PR, Berns GS: Activity in human ventral striatum locked to errors of reward prediction.
The international human rights obligations of Finland are set as the highest legal norm of the law, even above the constitution.
Like all members of the Washū Clan, he is later revealed to be a ghoul disguised as a human and also fathered other children include Rize, Arima and Furuta.
Its general absence from most of Melanesia and western Micronesia – where human settlement and sea traffic are considerable – is thus probably genuine; only isolated records, such as from the Marianas, Palau, and Yap, exist from west and southwest of the Marshall Islands.
The Ministry of Works and Human Settlement is responsible for:
Mega Man has to defeat them in order to rescue the human from the enemy UMA's control.
As the rhythm quickens, they perform acrobatics and form human pyramids.
Each week, Mondraggor would race against two human siblings, Peter and Peggy Darrow, who were accompanied by three talking pandas named Chesty, Timothy, and Algernon, who were irradiated by the Pyramid's magic.
Despite being a bird, he is constantly chasing human women and usually hits on each episode's Jing Girl at every opportunity.
IBTimes reported that 'Committee for Human Rights' and 'Iran Aid' were two charities operated by MEK that "claimed to raise money for Iranian refugees persecuted by the Islamic regime," but was later found to be a front for the National Liberation Army, MEK's military arm.
Another conscript, Private Víctor Eduardo Scarafiocco claimed that he and others were used as human shields by the guerrillas and that Private Héctor Cardozo was killed as a result.
The Driver-controlled period is a 2-minute period following the autonomous period in which the robot is controlled by human drivers.
There is evidence of human settlement from the Stone Age onwards.
The High School, grades 7–12, offers Advanced Placement classes, including Calculus AB and BC, English Literature and Composition, English Language and Composition, United States Government and Politics, United States History, AP Human Geography, Physics.
Many of the members of MFI, who feel that their human rights were violated by the mental health system, refer to themselves as 'psychiatric survivors'.
An attempt is now made to correlate the presence and absence of the trait with the presence and absence of a human chromosome in the hybrid clones.
IIL's facility in Ooty exclusively produces human anti-rabies vaccine, “Abhayrab”.
He is one of the best Human players after 2008 and also one of the best random players.
In recent years, the subjects of human experimentation, medical research, and infection have played large roles in video games whose plots are heavily influenced by themes common in body horror.
The latter stage represents the highest level of human perfection; a transcendental stage in which, as concluded by philosophers, "the active intellect is joined" and, as observed by the mystics, "absorption in divine essence occurs."
By automating this process, automatic tape dispensers reduce material waste caused by human error.
And it was for this reason that we should work harder to ensure that the focus of Internet governance became more people-centered, and that the Internet becomes a catalyst for human development.
 Liisa Kauppinen (born 1939), Finnish human rights activist, former president of the World Federation of the Deaf
In 1973, his new book The Human Face of Socialism received notice in the New York Times.
For example, the area was earlier a habitat for the African wild dog, Lycaon pictus, although this canid is likely extirpated at present in the local area, due to an expanding human population.
He stated that his interest in medicine started in Vietnam, and increased at NASA, as he had to consider the problems of space flight and the human body there.
He made note of how the fetish in the story conflates the functionality of the automobiles with that of the human body and how the characters' injuries and the damage to the vehicles are used as equivalent signs.
They have constructed a huge underground base where thousands of human prisoners from Auros are mining the core, looking for the Threshold.
Heroes are extremely effective against myth units, which in turn do large amounts of damage against human units.
According to the CODHES human rights NGO, forced displacement during Uribe's term affected over 2.4 million Colombian nationals by the end of 2009.
This conference resulted in a Declaration on the Human Environment (Stockholm Declaration) and the establishment of an environmental management body, which was later named the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP).
He was also honorary president of the International Society for Human Rights (IGFM).
With the Industrial revolution, nature increasingly became seen as the part of reality deprived from intentional intervention: it was hence considered as sacred by some traditions (Rousseau, American transcendentalism) or a mere decorum for divine providence or human history (Hegel, Marx).
Late January – The UK-based human rights group Amnesty International urges the government to crack down on the widespread use of torture by police.
The spacecraft will be flown twice unmanned for validation before conducting actual human spaceflight.
In September 2010, the death of Malukan political prisoner Yusuf Sipakoly allegedly caused by the gross human rights abuses by Detachment 88.
There is no convincing scientific evidence that human release of carbon dioxide, methane, or other greenhouse gases is causing or will, in the foreseeable future, cause catastrophic heating of the Earth's atmosphere and disruption of the Earth's climate.
Based on events that occurred after December 18, 1989, the Human Rights Commission noted that the Complainants have not demonstrated if these conditions have been met to warrant invoking the right to self-determination.
The film sparked public outcry over lenient court rulings, prompting police to reopen the case and lawmakers to introduce bills for the human rights of the vulnerable.
In later stories in the 1602 universe (much like the figure of legend), when attempting to flee in the form of a white doe, she is shot by Master Norman Osborne and reverts to human form in front of Peter before dying.
The series follows the relationship between Kōichi Mizuki, a human student, and Caius Lao Bistail, a giant prince who summons Kōichi to his world.
Kaplan described the premise of Zombie College as the idea of the human ability to get used to practically anything.
Human remains found aboard her were buried in the Cap Arcona cemetery at Neustadt in Holstein.
Human rights activists state that the hukou system has also been used to systematically deny Uyghurs and Tibetans from moving out of Xinjiang or Tibet by disallowing them from renting or buying housing in more eastern parts of China, and that any who do manage to leave are commonly forced to return through the system.
 A Foreign Ministry spokesman said China had voted in favor of the report "in the hope of protecting the human rights of the people in the occupied Palestinian territories and to promote the resumption of Israeli-Palestinian peace process."
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claimed one dead and 13 wounded by army operations, backed by one dozen armoured vehicles, in the northwestern towns of Sarmin and Taftanaz.
Kaloula pulchra, Kaloula picta, and Kaloula borealis are the most widespread and commonly found varieties, often living near human settlements.
The Conservatives also agreed to shelve their plans to replace the Human Rights Act 1998 with a proposed British Bill of Rights.
Sequencing of the human and other model organism genomes has produced increasingly large volumes of data relevant to immunology research and at the same time huge amounts of functional and clinical data are being reported in the scientific literature and stored in clinical records.
According to the report "Inconvenient Human Rights: Access to Water and Sanitation in Sweden's Informal Settlements", the Swedish state has, through international law, arguably aligned itself toward a legal responsibility of ensuring clean water access for all persons on Swedish territory.
However, nutritional value of human excreta largely depends on dietary input.
It was, it was not, a white mare that nurses its own human child for fourteen years, until he is strong enough to uproot a tree.
Four preconditions are isolated by Azar as the predominant sources of protracted social conflict: communal content, deprivation of human needs, governance and the State's role, and international linkages.
Episode 121: Mother Earth concludes that whenever she was riddled with sinners, whenever the human race was endangered - the creator of the Universe, the God incarnated Himself.
Roberto Vizentin, president of ICMBio, defended the reduction from  and the high risk of pollution from mining as a necessary compromise given the relatively low Human Development Index in the region.
The so-called Semmelweis reflex—a metaphor for a certain type of human behaviour characterized by reflex-like rejection of new knowledge because it contradicts entrenched norms, beliefs, or paradigms—is named after Semmelweis, whose ideas were ridiculed and rejected by his contemporaries.
Tropical environments like those found in coastal eastern Africa were deemed to be a sort of refugium for early human populations, due to their comparatively stable environment and the abundance of edible fauna from the exploitation of the closed forests, woodland and grassland environments.
The European Court had told the Irish State it was responsible for protecting the human rights of children while in school, regardless of whether it runs the schools directly.
 Connor, one of the three android protagonists of the videogame Detroit: Become Human
"It Is the Human Desire to Live Free That Is an Eternal Power" lecture at Kim Il Sung University by President of Mongolia, 31 October 2013.
National Human Rights Commissioner and Thaksin sympathiser Jaran Ditthapichai noted, "I cannot agree to have someone call himself a man of morality and sufficiency if he built a fancy house in a forest reserve."
Silverstein is the founding director of the Institute for Human Identity and Identity House in New York City.
The plot is very similar to Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, wherein a living creature (called a homunculus) is created artificially in a laboratory and strives to develop emotions like a human being.
If it is accepted as morally wrong to deliberately inflict suffering upon innocent human creatures, then it is only logical to also regard it as wrong to inflict suffering on innocent individuals of other species.
Previously, she was the Chief of the Section on Organelle Biology in the Cell Biology and Metabolism Program, in the Division of Intramural Research in the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development at the National Institutes of Health from 1993 to 2016.
During the same period he occasionally served as ad hoc judge in cases before the European Court of Human Rights.
Dominic feels that what is worse is Adam's emotional detachment, his lack of expression, and aloofness, as if he is bored with human existence, and feels Adam is not applying the great intellect he accumulated over eight centuries to himself.
ELIOT - A robot that represses his robot roots and swears he is human (Main Outfit : 2.0) (Alternate Outfit : Dressy)
The suit alleges that the ExxonMobil knowingly assisted human rights violations, including torture, murder and rape, by employing and providing material support to Indonesian military forces, who committed the alleged offenses during civil unrest in Aceh.
He said that all the accounts would be collected, documented and submitted to human rights groups.
Hunt was named one of the top 50 researchers of 2007 by Scientific American for her work showing a potential threat to human health posed by bisphenol A (BPA), a component of the polycarbonate plastics used to make food and beverage containers.
This means we must rest content with well-confirmed empirical generalisations, forever ignorant of "the ultimate original qualities of human nature".
The film's theatrical release poster, featuring a spider with two eyes instead of the normal eight, and carrying a woman in its fangs, does not represent any scene in the final film; all the spider's human victims are male.
These types of bridges have been built by human beings since ancient times, with the initial design being much simpler than what we enjoy today.
He had obtained the eggs from a human corpse, which was heavily infected, upon autopsy on 10 October 1878.
The human figure is surrounded by four wild animals: an elephant and a tiger to its one side, and a water buffalo  (bubalus arnee) and an Indian rhinoceros on the other.
Quaker education is based on two foundational beliefs: That every human being has the capacity to personally experience truth, and that discovering truth is a process of continuing revelation fostered by silent reflection.
On 28 December 2011, the day the Tomsk court dismissed extremism charges against the Bhagavad Gita As It Is, director of the Human Rights Center of the World Russian People's Council Roman Silantyev said that the examination of the Bhagavad Gita As It Is as extremist was accurate, and that "it has nothing to do with traditional Hinduism."
It is a gripping human story throughout and the director allows the situations to play themselves.
The book examines   the human consequences of United States immigration policy.
Bleselumab (INN; development code ASKP1240) is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the prevention of organ transplant rejection.
The horse carries great symbolic meaning in human cultures (see horse worship).
Pinker in The Language Instinct ridiculed this example, claiming that this was a failing of human insight rather than language.
The second Copperhead appeared in Human Fly #8-9 (Apr-May 1978), and was created by Bill Mantlo and Frank Robbins.
Boddie v. Connecticut,  "[M]arriage involves interests of basic importance to our society" and is "a fundamental human relationship."
Queen Arabella Skydancer: A supporting character of The Unicorn Chronicles book series in which she was the long-lived Queen of the Unicorns for many centuries until her long-lost granddaughter was found, as the elderly human woman Ivy Morris, and restored to her true unicorn form and name of Amalia Flickerfoot
Through their efforts, they have freed hundreds of human trafficking victims.
Until the late 1890s, the home of Kaʻahupahau was famously lined with beds of pearl oysters, however, according to Kanaka Maoli religious experts who follow the goddess, Kaʻahupahau removed all of the oysters (and some say, herself) because the area was being abused by human misdeeds.
The APEX gene (alternatively named APE1, HAP1, APEN) encodes the major AP endonuclease in human cells.
Masharawi, the BBC Middle East bureau chief, and at least two human rights organizations initially blamed Israel for the incident, and the infant's death quickly became a powerful symbol of the conflict.
Barasch's  Field Notes on the Compassionate Life  a work of literary nonfiction blending scientific findings on altruism and empathy with psychology, spirituality,  and a first-person exploration of human potential, attracted the support of figures like South African Nobel Prize winner Archbishop Desmond Tutu.
Chrysippus was concerned to preserve human responsibility in the context of his determinist system.
Human Nature is a 2019 documentary film directed by Adam Bolt and written by Adam Bolt and Regina Sobel.
In September 2011, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and the Sexual Diversity Network, an NGO, proposed draft legislation on same-sex marriage and sought the Thai Government's support for the law.
Male circumcision is among the rites of Islam and is part of the fitrah, or the innate disposition and natural character and instinct of the human creation.
Figures of its population are unknown and its population is considered to be decreasing, but is likely to be threatened by the global reduction of coral reefs, the increase of temperature causing coral bleaching, climate change, human activity, parasites, and disease.
Its Baseline Research Program is commissioned by Transport for Victoria, the TAC, VicRoads, the Department of Justice, Victoria Police, and the Department of Health and Human Services.
S. 252 would amend provisions of the Public Health Service Act that authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct research and education activities relating to preterm labor and delivery and infant mortality.
The 12" single included the same tracks as the 7" along with "I Nearly Married A Human (2)", a different mix from the version on Replicas this time featuring drum machine throughout and Numan's recitation of the song's title, the only words heard.
Lawson and Wooliscroft (2004) drew the link between human nature and the marketing concept, not explicitly biology, where they considered the contrasting views of Hobbes and Rousseau on mankind.
This video was published after the release of the Human EP and prior to the release of the single Now or Never.
Fourthly, the worker experiences self-estrangement: alienation from his human nature.
 Quality of trained human resources increased, improved equitably/efficiently distributed
Only Human is the debut studio album, written and conducted by British singer/songwriter Calum Scott, released on 9 March 2018 through Capitol Records.
In human form, it is able to "exorcise" Parallax from Barry Allen's body by using the energy of the various spectra.
In contrast to his yōkai form, which is confident, strong and inspires "Fear" among his allies, leading many of them to join him, the human Rikuo is seemingly weak but very clever.
Human Rights Watch denounced the repeated arrests of Mahlangu and Williams, stating after one arrest that the Zimbabwean government should release the women and "allow civil society the right to demonstrate peacefully".
After finally agreeing to this plan, his brother secretly puts fire to Havaiki to take revenge for the human sacrifices they have been demanding from Bora Borans.
The history of human sacrifice in China may extend as early as 2300 BCE.
The microbes of natural environment influence human health
It explores the human tendency of trying to understand events in terms of the people involved, who have certain personality traits and motivations, and have agency over how the events unfold.
The ECHA concluded that available human data was insufficient to support classification for skin corrosion or irritation.
Pitt-Rivers developed a now outdated view of human evolution.
German Federal Commissioner for Human Rights Günter Nooke was in Baku during their trial and was the only one allowed to see Emin Milli for a few minutes after being kept waiting.
However, CDC charged $50 an hour for access to their data center, in order to recoup some of their development costs, making it considerably more expensive than a human on a per-student basis.
In 1972, she graduated with a BSc degree in biology from Queen Elizabeth College (now part of King’s College, London) and then did a postgraduate degree in human nutrition at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, where her supervisor was John Waterlow.
Large stocks of weapons of mass destruction, the overexploitation of limited common resources, and a heavily unbalanced world economy provide fundamental challenges to human civilisation and may even threaten its existence.
Unlike the average motivational guru who seems to have read a single book-the one he or she has just written-Waddington has read them all, so readers will learn what ancient thinkers, religious leaders, modern scientists and rival motivational guides teach about human behavior....
Poet Nicky Beer, writing for Diagram magazine, called Interpretive Work "an auspicious debut ... a testament to poetry's marvelous capacity to decontextualize human life into moments of resounding insight."
They also captured two more villages, and stated ISIL received severe human and material losses.
 ICT for Development: a group of projects designed to leverage the potential of ICT to help Egypt achieve its human development goals and improve the lives of citizens using public-private partnerships to facilitate the planning, implementation, analysis and dissemination of projects throughout all sectors of the economy, including health, education, culture and government services
Between 1997 and 2000, he was political adviser to the Minister on International Development and Human Rights.
Suniti Kumar Chatterji also noticed some resemblance between the Kashmiri tale and the Lithuanian folktale Eglė the Queen of Serpents, wherein a human maiden named Egle marries Zilvinas, a snake-like prince that lives in an underwater palace.
Early in A Kiss of Shadows, Merry is assaulted by a human using Branwyn's Tears, a magical aphrodisiac/date-rape drug, apparently unlocking her sidhe powers.
Fifteen years later, in 1622, human bones were uncovered beside the rectory.
 1867 :  Sketches of the ugly side of human nature 
found that miR-203 displays a highly organ- and tissue-specific expression across 21 human organs and tissues analyzed.
It has been announced that the United Nations special rapporteur for Human Rights in Burma, Paulo Sérgio Pinheiro, is to be allowed to visit Burma.
Luis Alberto Costales was viewed as especially important in respect of his vocation for bringing up youth with high human and civic values.
in which while his human body was exposed, a blob-shaped head is on top of him with his actual head in the other head's mouth.
April 12 – Yuri Gagarin is the first human in space, making a single Low Earth orbit in Vostok 1 before parachuting to the ground.
The human citizens believe they are incarnations of the Hindu god Hanuman.
Learning is thus the gateway to understanding how the human brain works and for making intelligent machines.
At the request and with the assistance of Rep. Duke Cunningham, he testified before the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services and Education in April 2002, urging support for increased funding in music education.
An outspoken critic of capitalism's focus on stockpiling material possessions which do not contribute to human happiness, Pepe is often seen riding his 60-year-old bicycle.
Holding Bishop at gunpoint, Frank explains that he killed Tito, Larry, Arty Clay and Zapa because he disapproved of their involvement in human trafficking and child prostitution.
This kink-turn acts as a marker where various proteins such as the human 15-5k protein or proteins in the L7Ae family can bind.
Churchill's secret plan is to use heat rays augmented with human tech, rolled out on the backs of trucks.
The subsequent US Coast Guard investigation found several other aspects of the ship's company's handling of the situation to have been poor, leading to the conclusion that human error caused the grounding.
Vitamin D assist stem cells during differentiation by stimulating the activities in embryonic stem cells and iPSCs and regulates embryonic hematopoietic stem and progenitor cell production and human umbilical cord stem cell development.
In 1992, De Silva was promoted to the acting rank of rear admiral and appointed Assistant Chief of Personnel - Human Resource Development (ACOP HRD).
human, financial, time, infrastructure and expertise) for the deployment and development of alternative, sustainable, energy system technologies (such as for wind, ocean and solar–including e.g.
E. hermannii is generally considered nonpathogenic but has been isolated from human wounds, eye infections, and blood.
In 2006 while doing pro bono work for the Institute for Justice and the Human Action Network, Martin represented a small business owner who sold caskets and funeral supplies at discounted prices.
A World Vision Journal of Human Development.
Thirdly, it occurs when a jinni, who  is evil, simply wants to harm a human for no specific reason, according to Moiz Ansari.
 https://web.archive.org/web/20091003103229/http://www.pnud.org.br/atlas/ranking/IDH-M%2091%2000%20Ranking%20decrescente%20%28pelos%20dados%20de%202000%29.htm 91 00 Ranking decrescente (pelos dados de 2000).htm  Decreasing the HDI rank of municipalities in Brazil Atlas of Human Development United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) (2000).
He is also a seasoned leader with vast financial and human resources (a prerequisite for membership in the Hellfire Club).
During this experiment, he sends a patient into a coma but is not bothered about human life and instead wants to succeed in his mission.
The preliminary study suggests that the ethanol extract of AFA cellular concentrate may act to promote proliferation of human stem cell populations.
After signing to Candlelight Records and Siege of Amida Records, Ingested released their debut album called Surpassing the Boundaries of Human Suffering in June 2009.
Some of the computer-generated creatures, including those seen in the park's petting zoo, were created with motion capture using human actors to perform the animals' movements, marking the first time that motion capture technology had been used in the making of a dinosaur film.
The United States Office for Human Research Protections credits Beecher through this paper as "ultimately contributing to the impetus for the first NIH and FDA regulations."
It is headed by the Chief of the Commission and Tribunals, who is tasked with informing Alberta's Minister of Justice and Solicitor General of human rights issues, as well as providing guidance to Commission members regarding such functions as their tribunal hearings, and to the Commission director regarding the overall objective of the Commission.
Flaws caused by lossy compression that are noticeable to the human eye or ear are known as compression artifacts.
Transformation into human form is said to be rare, and usually occurs at night.
However, Benjamin rescues the alien and helps him regain his memory with the help of Cagliostro; the book ends with the alien departing Earth, and deciding that despite the cruelty men like Seville are capable of, men like Benjamin Franklin are the true examples of the human race.
"The human understanding when it has once adopted an opinion (either as being the received opinion or as being agreeable to itself) draws all things else to support and agree with it."
The Australasian Post was read by millions at the height of its popularity in the 1960s and 1970s, and featured a uniquely Australian mix of scandal, sensationalism, human interest stories, fashion, politics, culture and entertainment, being the staple of barber shops across the country.
Its handling of space, mastery of perspective, treatment of motion and complex display of human emotion has made it one of the Western world's most recognizable paintings and among Leonardo's most celebrated works.
For instance, recent years have seen the growing use of virtual worlds such as World of Warcraft, a technology-created virtual environment that incorporates representations of real-world elements such as human being, landscapes, and another object.
It states that GW was the only AI destroyed, and that the S3 Plan's real purpose is to control human thought to prevent society's regression in the digital era from trivial information drowning knowledge and truth.
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 78% out of 122 professional critics gave the film a positive review, and an average rating of 7.11/10, with the site consensus stating that "In a Better World is a sumptuous melodrama that tackles some rather difficult existential and human themes."
IIM Calcutta has a centre for human values to foster research and academic activities in the domain of Indian ethos.
Ulysses is kidnapping people who are living in the street and taking them to Miko (Robin Dunne), a human lab technician who is harvesting their adrenochrome to use as an illegal drug.
The contemporary liberal's fascination with Niebuhr, I suggest, comes less from Niebuhr's dark theory of human nature and more from his actual political pronouncements, from the fact that he is a shrewd, courageous, and right-minded man on many political questions.
In 1987 she finished her PhD at the Imperial Cancer Research Fund on mapping of the male determining gene on the human Y chromosome under the supervision of Peter Goodfellow.
The ruling said that these lists and the accompanying incitement to violence threatened the subjects' "fundamental rights and freedoms", attacked their right to human dignity and violated their constitutional right to privacy.
Human rights groups have sent copies of the Korean Wikipedia to North Korea on USB sticks by balloon.
Mouse cathepsin L is homologous to human cathepsin V.  Mouse cathepsin L has been shown to play a role in adipogenesis and glucose intolerance in mice.
However, a substantial portion of drug approvals after 2010 have incorporated a partially automated approach, blending automated software algorithms with expert human readers reviewing a portion of the cardiac beats, to enable the assessment of significantly more beats in order to improve precision and reduce cost.
It is later discovered that the Key's protectors have used Buffy's blood to turn the Key into human form – Dawn – concurrently implanting everybody with lifelong memories of her.
The first human lung transplant ever performed in Europe (and only the fourth worldwide) took place at the Royal Infirmary in Edinburgh, where 15-year-old Alex Smith was given a lung hours after Anse Main, an 18-year-old woman, had died of an overdose of drugs.
His innovative application of fluorescence, excitation, Raman, and Stokes Shift Spectroscopic techniques to distinguish between normal and cancerous tissues, as well as benign and normal tumors of human body, was the basis for the creation of the field known as optical biopsy.
In the past, adversaries of the law have argued that this law restricts the freedom of expression, which is a basic human right.
Weber previously worked as a journalist, a human rights defender and most recently as the regional expert at the German Institute for International and Security Affairs (German: Stiftung Wissenschaft und Politik; SWP).
On February 20, 2020, Ultimate Software and Kronos Incorporated announced they agreed to form a new cloud computing venture specializing in workforce management and human capital management.
Scholar Allard K. Lowenstein of the International Human Rights Clinic of Yale Law School has argued that socioeconomic conditions brought about by the systemic poverty in Sierra Leone further exacerbate the prevalence of child marriage.
She falls in love with a human prince and sacrifices her beautiful voice in order to be with him.
The tendency of gray bats to form large colonies made the gray bat especially vulnerable to population decline due to both intentional and unintentional human disturbance.
Those in the series beginning with the word "Let", associated names of human beings, mainly biblical, with various natural objects; and those beginning with the word "For" are a series of aphoristic verses.
YAP has been found to be elevated in some human cancers, including breast cancer, colorectal cancer, and liver cancer.
Human activities therefore allow species to migrate to new areas (and thus become invasive) occurred on time scales much shorter than historically have been required for a species to extend its range.
On September 2, 2015, the  Minister of Justice Arpine Hovhannisyan on her personal Facebook page shared an article link featuring her interview with the Armenian news website Tert.am where she condemned the sentencing of an Azerbaijani journalist and called the human rights situation in Azerbaijan "appalling".
Many commedia erudita plays appealed to the baser instincts of the human beings watching them.
Mass spectroscopy analysis of the relative abundance of NMHC IIs in mouse tissues and human cell lines  shows that NM IIA is predominant, although tissues like the heart vary from cell to cell; myocardial cells contain only NM IIB but NM IIA is more abundant in the non-myocyte cells.
The director of the Venezuelan Penal Forum, Alfredo Romero, called for both the opposition and the Venezuelan government to listen to the claims of the alleged human rights violations that have not been heard.
 Jötnar appear with human disguises in the third season of The Librarians.
Murine coronavirus is believed to be most closely related to human coronavirus HKU1.
Having fled, he impregnated a barren human of his own Dipwenpahnmei (Under-the-breadfruit-tree) clan by feeding her a lime.
Thomas North Whitehead (31 December 1891, Cambridge, England – 22 November 1969, Cambridge, Massachusetts) was an early human relations theorist and researcher, best known for The Industrial Worker, a two-volume statistical analysis of the Hawthorne experiments.
In Plato's ideal state there are three major classes (producers, auxiliaries and guardians), which was representative of the idea of the "tripartite soul", which is expressive of three functions or capacities of the human soul: "appetites" (or "passions"), "the spirited element" and "reason" the part that must guide the soul to truth.
There are many pressing environmental issues in Mongolia that are detrimental to both human and environmental wellness.
They are a "cold blooded" group only empathically speaking, by human standards, with loyalty to race over family.
Phase 5 is introducing a permanent human presence, in the Venusian atmosphere, by way of a permanent space station-type spacecraft.
On 3 March, the Human Rights Defender of Armenia, Armen Harutyunyan, issued a report critical of President Kocharyan's order of force.
Her past community contributions include being a board member and chairman elect of the Hawai`i Business Roundtable, chairman of the board of the Institute for Human Services Homeless Shelter.
 Nash, C., & Amir, L., (n.d.) Human Milk Banking: A Review.
Rathbone realised the nature of Nazi Germany and in the 1930s joined the British Non-Sectarian Anti-Nazi Council to support human rights.
Blade Runner 2: The Edge of Human (1995) is a science fiction novel by American writer K. W. Jeter.
Conserving human resources in the field of early childhood,
However, the Heritage Conservation Act protects places that have been used in the past for the placement of human remains or related objects, including old family plots, ancient burial grounds and abandoned cemeteries.
Throughout his works, Nietzsche writes about possible great human beings or "higher types" who serve as an example of people who would follow his philosophical ideas.
Modern human settlement occurred around 125,000 years ago in the Middle Stone Age, as shown by archaeological discoveries at Klasies River Caves.
Cherryh's Azi race of human clones make up the third tier, acting as servants or slaves to the Kontrin, the Betas and also the Majat.
The ICRP states "Radionuclides incorporated in the human body irradiate the tissues over time periods determined by their physical half-life and their biological retention within the body.
By 1989, he had become the Solicitor General and Legal Secretary, and was seconded to help establish the African Centre for Democracy and Human Rights Studies (ACDHRS), where he served as its first Executive Director, responsible for the creation of the centre's first programmes, in collaboration with organisations such as the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ).
A study showing a proof-of-principle has also been done with the human proteins IFNalpha2a and macrophage-CSF, produced by genetically modified hens.
Published by Asian Centre for Human Rights, 2006.
Regenerative medicine deals with the "process of replacing, engineering or regenerating human or animal cells, tissues or organs to restore or establish normal function".
Ratnam revealed that he struggled with the film, owing to its alien concept from his previous film on human relationships, as well as due to the sheer number of artistes involved.
In support of the protest, another student from CDHRF, Behxhet Shala, had said that although the protests have gone quiet, the Commission for the Protection of Human Rights and Freedoms, will compile a report about this protest and will come with a stand officials.
She was the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and served on Transportation and Health and Human Services Committees.
According to Hong Kong Human Rights Monitor, this is a form of discrimination against foreign domestic helpers (who are almost all Southeast Asian); this limitation is not enforced for other foreign workers.
However, the protection of human rights is enforced by the Constitution of Malta in Chapter IV (Fundamental Rights and Freedoms of the Individual; Articles 32 - 45) Primarily, these rights strive to achieve three basic principles as outlined in the constitution:
Sociologist Frank Furedi also deems VHEMT to be a Malthusian group, classifying them as a type of environmental organization that "[thinks] the worst about the human species".
In the manga, Gojyo's father and his human mother commit suicide; there is no explanation of their deaths given in the anime.
Throughout his works, he pursued deep engagements with philosophers and theologians in these traditions, as well as poets and novelists who could help him address the human questions in which he was interested.
The first human figure, which he managed with a computer for a film, however, was the Landing Signal Officer on a CV-A 59 aircraft carrier.
These were from the Urnfield culture, as they contained urns with human ashes.
Minor human powers — There are also many smaller powers, such as Free Cal-Tex, the Pan-African Union, the League of Latin American Republics, etc.
Frank meets with his smuggling contact Spiros "Vondas" Vondopoulos, insisting on being informed when human cargo moves through the docks.
The Lutheran antigen systems is a classification of human blood based on the presence of substances called Lutheran antigens on the surfaces of red blood cells.
In June 2021, dried mealworms were authorized as novel food in the European Union, after the European Food Safety Authority assessed the larvae as safe for human consumption.
""My atheism, like that of Spinoza, is true piety towards the universe, and denies only gods fashioned by men in their own image, to be servants of their human interests."
At the Congress, it was reported that scientists are finding it more and more common to have to justify funding for protection of species by showing what the human benefits would be.
As Snooty was unreleasable, he was the only permanent manatee resident at the Museum and one of a select few captive manatees in the United States that was allowed to interact with human handlers.
A second season of the podcast began September 22, 2015, focusing upon the view point of ONI Agent Maya Sankar (Janina Gavankar), returning undercover as FERO, to investigate unidentified attacks on human colonies.
However, its ability to detect potential hazards has applications for human health and safety.
On March 19, 1909, Zeliony presented a paper before the Saint Petersburg Philosophical Society in which he called for a special natural science to study the physical side of human interrelations.
The central storyline follows Larkin's character across Asia, the United Kingdom and Los Angeles in his pursuit of the key players in a global Human Trafficking ring.
That the earthworm is transformed into a monkey and not into another animal might indicate that the thesis of a kinship between ape and human received a wider acceptance among the British public (The Descent of Man had been published 10 years earlier).
No sufficiently large asteroid currently exists in an Earth-crossing orbit; however, a comet of sufficient size to cause human extinction could impact the Earth, though the annual probability may be less than 10−8.
He had a childlike mentality, but was not taught any morals and had no understanding of concepts like the value of human life.
(Hubert Dreyfus would argue in 1972 that human reason and problem solving was not based on formal rules, but instead relied on instincts and awareness that would never be captured in rules.
During the 1980 United States presidential campaign, Ronald Reagan used a variant of "Footprints", with himself as the human, as the closing lines in an August speech to evangelical leaders in Dallas, Texas.
According to some experts, the first human inhabitants of the island arrived 15,000 years ago and were dependent on marine life for survival.
In "La Guera" Moraga compared the discrimination she experienced as a lesbian to her mother's experiences being a poor, uneducated Mexican woman, stating that “My lesbianism is the avenue through which I have learned the most about silence and oppression, and it continues to be the most tactile reminder to me that we are not free human beings”.
A 2014 in vitro study showed that menthol flavors have a damaging effect on human periodontal ligament fibroblast growth.
Indira Kapoor, a director of the International Planned Parenthood Foundation, states that the Kamasutra is a treatise on human sexual behavior and an ancient attempt to seriously study sexuality among other things.
It refers to two shallow grooves of the surface anatomy of the human abdomen running from the iliac crest (hip bone) to the pubis.
Under a photograph of Rosenberg with the caption "His memory lingers on", the article translated extreme anti-Russian ABN statements that were a direct continuation of wartime Ostministerium propaganda such as one ABN pamphlet that stated the Russians have "never been able to form an order of society worthy of human beings".
Elements of the Pathology of the Human Mind.
Material Intelligence can be thought of as a subset of distributed cognition, where it refers to the new knowledge that furthers human intelligence and skills by interaction with the computer, and existing computer literacy, in a social environment.
In February 2013, he was announced as the new vocalist and guitarist for Human, an Asturian thrash metal band he had previously collaborated with.
She has been a member of the International board of advisory of the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission (IGLHRC).
The great leader has the highest wisdom and also the only human being who owns the legitimate representation to the working class.
Many of these sensory functions are unknown – for example, the function of Neuropsin in the human retina.
VIANEX also invests in human capital to maximize the efficiency in production and the quality of the products and services it provides.
Beginning in the print media, she moved to making documentaries after she saw a lack of opportunities for human interest pieces in newspapers.
This argument sees human society as evolving from tribes or chiefdoms into states through a gradual process of transformation that lets a small group hierarchically structure society and maintain order through appropriation of symbols of power.
It explores the question of human nature in relation to religion, and continues to consider public and private levels of peacemaking.
In 2000, the Chinese performance artist Zhu Yu claimed to have prepared, cooked, and eaten human fetuses as an artistic performance.
While there have been discoveries of archaeological evidence of human occupation of the Rome area from approximately 14,000 years ago, the dense layer of much younger debris obscures Palaeolithic and Neolithic sites.
The Duke of Rhoona begins issuing strange proclamations, such as decreeing that all taxes are to be paid in beer, horses are to be ridden backwards, and all dwarves are to be shaved and stretched to make them "presentable to human sensibilities".
On the human plane the mind precedes speech, and on the cosmic plane Prajapati precedes vāc as the Lord of Thought and Speech, who brings forth vāc to unite with vāc to manifest creation.
He emphasizes authentic landscape—habitat and complete ecosystems—within an ordered human environment.
Its aim is to invite men and women to work for a social and human transformation, in accordance with Gospel values, from the platform of their own professions, especially those related to the fields of education and culture.
For Gans, language is essentially "scenic" in character, that is, structurally defined by a sacred center and human periphery.
This assertion leads to the prediction that the human hand should be adapted for throwing and clubbing… thereby providing an evolutionary explanation for the two unique grips, and the extensive anatomical remodelling of the hand that made them possible.
There, Mickey is mistaken for his parallel universe doppelgänger "Ricky Smith", the leader of a human resistance group called the Preachers.
I just want to go places, to see things, to observe the human predicament in different forms... Like most novelists, I have a peculiar fascination with the way people behave and the psychological roots of, or reasons for, their behavior..."
The Carolina Gay Association was founded by Dan Leonard and others involved with the Duke Gay Alliance and the Human Sexuality Information and Counseling Services (HSICS) at UNC-CH.
A Herpes Simplex Virus vaccine developed at SIU School of Medicine came to be at the center of a 2017 controversy over human trials.
The Huangdi Neijing ("The Yellow Emperor's Classic of Medicine", circa 2nd century BCE) is historically credited with first establishing the pathways, called meridians, through which qi allegedly circulates in the human body.
Islam, which is most important in the structure of Bahraini society, teaches wrongdoings will result in downfall of societies and tries to uproot crime by exerting influence upon human conscience.
Volume 2 - From Bad to Worse (1996) :: Garulfo, in human form, makes enemies with influential members of the nobility and clergy.
He also led the fact-seeking teams related to human rights violations during the May 1998 riots and in the Buru camps.
However, if you've played the online version of Fragger, which featured dummies to blow up, you may be surprised to find human targets in this mobile version."
Fear and courage are latent in every human being, though roused into activity by very diverse means.
She is recognisable in this form by the tawny colour of her pelt, which matches her eyes when she is in human form.
It is not, however, limited to human life; it signifies any period in the course of events, as the period or age before Christ; the period of the millennium; the mythological period before the beginnings of history.
Electric belts were made for every conceivable part of the human anatomy: limbs, abdomen, chest, neck – sometimes all worn at the same time.
Elixir: A Human History of Water.
Khaled has no soul - but he is offered one chance: if his wife comes to love him, despite his lack of a soul, he will become fully human.
Because I would never do anything that would make him uncomfortable as a human being.
 Piaget's theory of cognitive development, a theory about the nature and development of human intelligence
Ensaf Haidar (; born 1975) is a Saudi-Canadian human rights activist.
As long as the faulty AOA readings persist, a human pilot "can quickly become exhausted trying to pull the column back".
The global solar panel industry are under pressure to move sourcing  away from the region due to human rights and liability concerns.
Savic has also worked as a consultant for state governments and international NGOs, on how to include trafficking victims in human rights policy.
Underarm hair, as human body hair, usually starts to appear at the beginning of puberty, with growth usually completed by the end of the teenage years.
Vidal has made contributions to many areas, including sociology of work, human resource management and employment relations; labor markets; institutional theory; comparative political economy; and Marxist theory.
Encroachment by human settlements, poaching, illegal logging, gem mining, overgrazing and chena farming are major threats to the park.
It has been noted by many musicians that this loss reflected in Regina Fryxell's music which expressed joy, and a voice of the human need.
One of the goals is the visibility and participation of LGBT people in decision-making and policy-making process related to human rights; continuous festivals of queer arts and culture and other events, as well as the improvement of health services.
He is best known for his roles as Detective Doyle in The Mask (1994) and Detective Allen as well as the voice of Lucky the Cat in Stuart Little (1999) and the head coach for the soccer team Stuart and his human brother, George Little, play for in  Stuart Little 2 (2002).
The Stone Age cultures ranged from early human groups with primitive tools to advanced agricultural and stratified societies that used sophisticated stone tools, built fortified settlements and developed copper metallurgy.
Phunsap therefore does not see human rights as part of Buddhist doctrine.
Moral functions cannot be performed by the individual in isolation but only in his relation to the family, the state, the school, the church, and society — all forms of human life which ethical science finds to its hand and leaves to the science of natural history to account for.
He notes the presence of a stone slab, "with representations of a bow, five arrows, a buffalo's, a ram's and four human heads which refer to the sacrifices of men and animals that were practiced".
The festival was subsequently presented in Washington DC in December 2009 at the American Film Institute coinciding with International Human Rights Day.
Given seventy-five years to prepare, human society radically shifts toward the evacuation of Earth.
In 2009, the European Parliament expressed concern about "the growing climate of intolerance in Vietnam towards human rights defenders and members of officially unrecognized religious communities."
Special features on the second season DVD and Blu-ray include deleted and extended scenes, blooper reel, and two featurettes – "The Arc of Story: Mining the Human Evolution" and "A Visual Masterpiece for the Small Screen".
Sectors covered under the project were Natural Resource Management, Non-Formal Education, Micro Enterprise, Mother Child Health and Human Rights.
In Australia the black kite (Milvus migrans), whistling kite (Haliastur sphenurus) and unrelated brown falcon (Falco berigora) are not only attracted to wildfires to source food, but will variously use their beaks or talons to carry burning sticks so as to spread fire, complicating human efforts to contain fires using firebreaks.
As of 2015, the Northern Hemisphere is home to approximately 6.4 billion people which is around 87.0% of the earth's total human population of 7.3 billion people.
Another possible exploitation of PRRs in human medicine is also related to tumor malignancies of the intestines.
However, human clinical trials are yet to be done.
She was married to the British historian and human rights advocate David Littman from September 1959 until his death in May 2012.
In support of human space systems, Orbital is one of two companies providing commercial cargo resupply services to the ISS for NASA.
The total number of deaths in Ukraine due to unnatural causes for the given ten years was 3.238 million; accounting for the lack of precision, estimates of the human toll range from 2.2 million to 3.5 million deaths.
A human trial using phenylbuturate in ALS patients showed some increase in histone acetylation, but the study did not report whether ALS symptoms improved with treatment.
On 20 July 2020, Human Rights Watch reported Egypt's prisons were experiencing surging cases with COVID-19 and had killed at least 14 detainees.
A second-generation Judson Dance Theatre choreographer, much of King's experimental dance repertoire combines different movements styles with dramatic material and technological advances, emphasizing the importance of the human body through expressionism and symbolism.
The resistance conferred by this gene (blaNDM-1), therefore, aids the expansion of bacteria that carry it throughout a human host, since they will face less opposition/competition from populations of antibiotic-sensitive bacteria, which will be diminished by the original antibacterial treatment.
In January 2019, Pajović stated that Serbian clero-nationalist circles were spreading false information claiming that the human rights of great Serbs in Montenegro were in danger.
Bensouda also served on the Governing Council of the Gambia Committee on Harmful Traditional Practices (GAMCOTRAP) which is a leading women’s rights organization fighting against harmful traditional practices and Member of The  Advisory Board of  The  African Centre For Democracy and Human Rights Studies from 1998 to 2000.
The score on the Municipal Human Development Index was 0.642 (medium).
Originally, 58 Commonwealth laws where gay couples faced discrimination were identified in the year-long Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission (HREOC) inquiry, "Same-Sex: Same Entitlements Inquiry", which was tabled in Parliament in June 2007.
The sub-district, with low occupancy and sustainable development, has a Human Development Index (HDI) higher than Barra da Tijuca's.
The organization Human Rights Watch has called for charges against him to be dropped.
Hypermedia as the engine of application state (HATEOAS) - Having accessed an initial URI for the REST application—analogous to a human Web user accessing the home page of a website—a REST client should then be able to use server-provided links dynamically to discover all the available resources it needs.
Ippon Datara (一本ダタラ Ippon Datara): A yokai with the appearance of a disfigured, one-legged monk, he comes to Yukime stating that the only way that she can ever gain the love of a human is to become one by freezing the body of a beautiful woman.
 Kapal Induk dan Human Error
This framing puts the need for well-managed and restored ecosystems at the heart of NBS, with the overarching goal of "Supporting the achievement of society's development goals and safeguard human well-being in ways that reflect cultural and societal values and enhance the resilience of ecosystems, their capacity for renewal and the provision of services".
This approach demonstrated that flavoHb is indeed enzymatically active within human and murine cells and potently blocks exogenous and endogenous sources of nitrosative stress.
Instead, common practice is to use an unscented mineral oil to oil yunzi; alternatively, stones may be washed but remain unoiled; over time, the natural oils incurred by human touch will polish yunzi to a sheen.
Human rights organisations based in Hungary
Their purpose is today unknown, but as local guards can show, it is possible to amplify a human voice loud enough to hear it across a large area.
The art historian Joel Upton describes Christus's depiction as of "a warm and human figure, very attractive, and yet serene and demure as the Mother of God."
In Philippine mythology, the Sirena is a mythological aquatic creature with the head and torso of a human female and the tail of a fish.
The length of the resistin pre-peptide in human is 108 amino acid residues and in the mouse and rat it is 114 aa; the molecular weight is ~12.5 kDa.
William Wilberforce's Slave Trade Act 1807 abolished the trafficking of enslaved human beings in the British Empire.
It is not solid, but composed of delicately welded steel pieces that create an image suggestive of a tree trunk, or the human heart itself.
The protein coding regions of the human genome, collectively called the exome, constitutes only 1.5% of the total genome.
Her writing was described by Madeleine Kingsley of the Jewish Chronicle as "depicting the parts of human nature that are oblique, suppressed and rarely voiced".
Her human vessel is Mizuki, whom Clione was trapped by force, a year before the beginning of the series.
Oxendine was reelected to his seat and placed on the Insurance, Education, Higher Education, Corrections, Base Budget, Human Resources, and Judiciary committees.
In making a judgement over a case brought before it the CCAT is required, by its Statute, to apply international administrative law principles and fundamental human rights while excluding the national laws of the host countries of the Institutions concerned or of the staff members involved in the case.
He calls it—using contemporary terminology—the "material intellect", which is one and the same for all human beings.
Upon the restoration of democracy to Lesotho in 1993 Fanana worked with the Ministry of Justice, Human Rights and Correctional Services to improve administration and reduce corruption.
Both Imre Lakatos and Feyerabend suggest that science is not an autonomous form of reasoning, but is inseparable from the larger body of human thought and inquiry.
The Mummy of San Andrés is a human mummy belonging to the Guanche culture, who were the ancient inhabitants of the Canary Islands, Spain.
The story is set in 2007, when Professor Takuma Nekasa uncovers a gene code that will unlock the human body's greatest mystery and expose mankind to its greatest threat.
The bombing of media outlets violates international law when they are not being used for military purposes ("it is unlawful to attack facilities that merely shape civilian opinion; neither directly contributes to military operations"), according to Human Rights Watch.
The mitochondrion is a component of a human cell, and contains its own DNA.
His hermeneutics of education and hermeneutics of medicine contribute to a better understanding of the relationship between human social sciences and natural sciences and their impact on contemporary society.
The moot court is organised and supported by the Department of Basic Education, Department of Justice and Constitutional Development, South African Human Rights Commission, and University of Pretoria Faculty of Law.
The government was criticized for denying constitutional recognition to indigenous minorities and human rights violations by its security forces, notably the National Defence Force or Jatiya Rakkhi Bahini paramilitary.
A campaign regarding his innocence has been mounted by amongst others Al Jazeera and the Arab Commission for Human Rights.
The government acknowledges that human trafficking is a problem in Venezuela, but views the country as principally a transit point.
The “Anatomical Notes by the Great Alexander Achillinus of Bologna” demonstrate a detailed description of the human body.
The basic concept was primarily developed in the non-positivist theory of Max Weber to observe how human behaviors relate to cause and effect in the social realm.
"Talk About Our Love" was promoted on several shows such as The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, CD:UK and Today and later included in the encore set of her 2009 Human World Tour.
It was designed to ring every seven minutes, 108 times a day, symbolising the release of 108 kinds of human vexations.
Major areas of risk of infection include pre-natal or postnatal infants and immunocompromised individuals, such as organ transplant recipients, persons with leukemia, or those infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
In September 2021, the US had split the $300 million tranche of this military aid pending the Egyptian government’s fulfilment of human rights conditions.
Glazing tricks could imitate most materials: from bamboo, through pebbles in rivers, through tree-bark, to human skin, with rare and unique glazes that gave tiger's eye, peach, or snow-like attributes in deep snow-drift glazes or fine etched white porcelain.
Project Mercury was the first human spaceflight program of the United States.
The review concluded, "Each figure is well conceived, human and true."
In 1997, homologs were identified in more complex organisms including the fruit fly, human and mouse.
Video game publishers are releasing games that offer lessons about human impact on the environment, eco systems, and solutions to climate change through building sustainable communities.
This gene shows relatively low expression in most human tissues, with increased expression in situations of chemical dependence.
In art, the human spirit is gratified by balance, by a tonic note.
I looked down to the feet of the table; they were about six inches from the carpet, and no human foot was touching them or near them!
O'Rahilly also wrote against applying the theory of evolution to human society.
As time speeds by ("fleet'st", although variations in early modern spelling allow "flee'st" as in 'time flies' or 'tempus fugit'), it will bring the seasons ("make glad and sorry seasons"), which are not only cycles of nature but ups and downs of human moods.
Only a handful of the labs in the world are currently using SCNT techniques in human stem cell research.
As an expert system, REBES was designed to combine human expertise  Punch (PUNCH) Paul Montana  used "REBES" studied all his   past burglaries in order to solve new burglary cases.
This work has also uncovered fossilized human and mammoth remains in neighborhoods such as Santa María Aztahuacán and Santa Marta Acatitlán.
And secondly, the circulation of global production and the irrational order of this general circulation, resulting in a significant amount of human energy being lost or destroyed.
This office works alongside other animal, human, and environmental health organizations both within the United States and across the world in order to increase the awareness of One Health and develop tools to help strengthen One Health movements.
Archeologists have found evidence of human habitation in the Chimney Point area for as long as 7,500 years.
It is a culmination of many aspects of life: human relationships, man and society, multiple perspectives on a situation, and so on.
He is working at Canara Bank Head Office, in Human Resource Department and a bestselling author of novel 'Hacker 404 Happiness not found'.
These theses talk about the superiority of philosophers to the common people and the relation between the intellect and human dignity.
Such fears are mentioned in tales of animal and even human sacrifice meant to appease the pagan gods such as Odin in hopes of surviving winter.
In particular, the United Nations human rights organs should improve their coordination, efficiency and effectiveness."
B*15 is the largest allele grouping for any known human autosomal locus, identified as of August 2008 there are more than 150 alleles and ~140 amino acid sequence variants from those gene products.
1946 – The subsequent Nuremberg trials begin with the Doctors' Trial, prosecuting physicians and officers alleged to be involved in Nazi human experimentation and mass murder under the guise of euthanasia.
Loujain al-Hathloul, who had been detained for two months after driving from the United Arab Emirates to Saudi Arabia in December 2015, was disqualified; Nassima al-Sadah, a Shia human rights activist from Qatif, was also disqualified.
Key issues were often wage increases, seniority rights, benefits, human rights that included combating racism and sexism as well as an attempt to slow the wage gap between the seasonal and permanent workforce.
In 2016, she was appointed Head of the Management Systems Department within the WSE Human Capital Institute.
Ehrlichia ewingii  causes human ewingii ehrlichiosis.
Originally calling himself Paste-Pot Pete, the villain and professional criminal clashed with the Human Torch during his efforts to sell a new American missile to the Soviets.
Finally, CYP2U1, the only member of the human CYP2U subfamily, is highly expressed in brain and thymus and to lesser extents in numerous other tissues such as kidney, lung and heart.
The Mennonite theologian J. Denny Weaver, in his book The Nonviolent Atonement and again recently in his essay "The Nonviolent Atonement: Human Violence, Discipleship and God", traces the further development of the Christus Victor theory (or as he calls it "Narrative Christus Victor") into the liberation theology of South America, as well as feminist and black theologies of liberation.
The ligase also cyclizes various bioactive peptides of animal origin, such as human antimicrobial peptide histatin, conotoxin from cone snail and insect antimicrobial peptide thanatin.
From June 2006 to May 2011, Stepanyan served as the head of staff of the Human Rights Defender's office of the Republic of Armenia.
The policy of human rights belongs to United States history.
In response to the question of what species she is, she answers with "I chose to stop being human."
After a short break, Clutch returned to the studio in April to complete the album, working with producer Steven Haigler at Spa Studio Inc. in New York City on the remaining songs, "A Shogun Named Marcus", "El Jefe Speaks", "12 Ounce Epilogue", "Milk of Human Kindness" and "Rats".
Aurel Vlaicu University of Arad:Department of Modern Languages and Social and Human Sciences - Faculty -Brînduşa Armanca's CV (Accessed April 2012)
The two women faced human trafficking charges.
The term 'vital' denotes the emotional and nervous energies that empower society's drive towards accomplishment and express most directly in the interactions between human beings.
In 2010, she published her findings and subsequent theory of social change in her book Breaking the Poverty Cycle: The Human Basis for Sustainable Development.
Coox "reconstructed the Japanese folly at Nomonhan in all of its political, military, and human dimensions to produce a masterful study that will stand as a model of scholarship for military historians."
In 2013, while discussing the resumption of peace talks in a radio interview, Ben-Dahan said: "To me, they [Palestinians] are like animals, they are not human."
Today, there are still famous shaman priests in Korea who evoke our human creative instinct with their performances.
A pre-wedding dinner party at Rao's featured a performance by Human Nature, who had previously entertained the couple after their February engagement.
Jasliq contains a notorious prison, where in 2010, the Independent Human Rights Defenders of Uzbekistan reported the deaths of 39 prisoners.
Christian meditation involves looking back on Jesus' life, thanksgiving and adoration of God for his action in sending Jesus for human  salvation.
The two recruited a new senior management team including Stephen J. Kolski, Operations, Kevin P. Healy, Planning, and Loral Blinde, Human Resources.
An early attempt to understand memory can be found in Aristotle's major treatise, On the Soul, in which he compares the human mind to a blank slate.
The more than dozen tribes of the north west suffered a similar fate, having been virtually wiped out by the Van Diemen's Land Company by 1834, and of those tribes in the north east, by 1830 there were only 74 human beings left alive.
Niels Henrik Gregersen, Willem B. Drees, Ulf Görman, eds., The Human Person in Science and Theology.
About 75% of known human disease genes have a recognizable match in the genome of fruit flies, and 50% of fly protein sequences have mammalian homologs .
Intact D&E is a target of anti-abortion advocates who believe the procedure illustrates their contention that abortion, and especially late-term abortion, is the taking of a human life, and therefore both immoral and illegal.
 Palnati Yudham, 1947 and 1966 Telugu films depicted various aspects of the war and the human emotions surrounding it.
Additionally, together with Dr. Marius Wernig at Stanford University, Südhof developed induced neuronal cell technology where they can use human neuronal cells derived from patients or genetically engineered with defined mutations that linked to neuropsychiatric disorders or neurodevelopmental disorders.
The Taung Child, an early human found in Africa, is believed to have been killed by an eagle-like bird similar to the crowned eagle.
Prior to the start of the series, Hokuto is a human who has suffered years of physical abuse from his father.
Other important finds from this site include human coprolites, a footprint, assumed to have been made by a child, stone tools, and cordage.
However, the series that began with Blood of the Daleks and concluded with Human Resources was specially commissioned by the BBC from Big Finish for broadcast prior to the CD release.
The popular United States cable television program "Pinks" (Speed Channel) uses the TV shows host as a flagman with an arm drop technique at the start line (plus finish line human spotters, and camera "photo finishes" similar to those used in horse racing and dog racing).
The Meaning of Screens: Towards a phenomenological account of screenness, Human Studies, 29(1): 57-76.
In studies of human recombinant MTHFR, the protein encoded by 677T loses its FAD cofactor three times faster than the wild-type protein.
Yet, in 1996 Fred Abrahams from Human Rights Watch said that, like other ethnic minority groups in the country, leaders of the Turkish community claim higher numbers than the censuses show; for example, Erdogan Saraç of the Democratic Party of Turks had estimated that between 170,000 and 200,000 ethnic Turks were living in the country.
The SPARK Museum of Electrical Invention (formerly the American Museum of Radio and Electricity) is an interactive museum located in Bellingham, Washington, United States, which offers educational experiences for audiences of all ages through galleries and public programs that illustrate the development and use of electricity, radio and the related inventions that changed the course of human history.
Human and livestock waste from the areas surrounding hellbender habitats have further decreased water quality.
Phase III will be implemented by January 2013 and will include:  Mecklenburg Area Mental Health, CenterPoint Human Services, Durham Center, EastPointe, Pathways, and CoastalCare LMEs.
 United States Department of Health and Human Services site on Homelessness
She came to the Human World to do Momiji's duty so that she can have Yamabuki's affection.
In the US, both the northern and southern borders of the nation have had tunnels discovered connecting the US to Canada and Mexico being used by criminal elements for human smuggling, drug running, and other illegal activities.
The newspaper Bulatlat places the number of victims of arbitrary arrest and detention at 120,000, the extrajudicial execution of activists under martial law at 1,500 and Karapatan (a local human rights group)'s records show 759 involuntarily disappeared with their bodies never found.
Because the original AI did not "cheat" by attributing itself extra resources or using other techniques the human player could not, it was easier to defeat than in many other real-time strategy games.
The name comes from the three human skulls made from clay, with bulging eyes and covered in stucco, along with the rest of the structure.
Thus, Jefferson intended that the limited monopoly granted by a patent was only to be permitted for those inventions which were new, useful, and furthered human knowledge, rather than for small details and obvious improvements.
This received international attention, including a reference in the United States Department of State's Country Report on Human Rights Practices for 2007, which also stated that Jovanović made threats against B92 in a subsequent interview.
According to Article 4 of the National Safety Agency Law, The National Safety Agency manages, operates, and operates units that act in special needs to maintain peace and order in our country and protect human lives and property.
In 1948, Juliette Ernst and Jules Marouzeau (from L'Année philologique) fond support in UNESCO, in Paris, which offered funding and logistical support from organizations such as the International Academic Union or the International Council of Philosophy and Human Sciences (ICPHS).
In regards to modern human brain morphology, Neanderthal admixture is positively correlated with an increase in sulcal depth for the right intraparietal sulcus and an increase in cortical complexity for the early visual cortex of the left hemisphere.
The number of Syrians there rose to 75,000 in 2016, becoming a de facto camp, which drew heavy criticism and condemnation to Jordan from Human Rights Watch (HRW) in 2015.
In order to not overlook infant mortality rates it is also stressed that there needs to be a focus on an ethnography of experience, a vision that cuts to the core of human suffering as it flows from daily life and experiences.
Bacterial CRISPR–Cas9 system for engineering both loss of function (LOF) and gain of function (GOF) mutations in untransformed human intestinal organoids in order to demonstrate a model of Colorectal cancer (CRC).
For example, in the area of human sexuality, the Catechism of the Catholic Church notes that the following actions can involve increased gravity: extramarital sex, divorce (but not legitimate separation), and masturbation.
He also continued applying evolutionary computation in many ways including modeling of human operators and thinking about biological communication.
There is very little left of the Hedgehope Branch, with both nature and human development removing most interesting traces.
Other human languages have been used as the output; for example, a tutorial for the Go programming language outputted both English and Chinese or Japanese characters, demonstrating the programming language's built-in Unicode support.
As Haber continues to use Orr's dreams to create change in human society, Orr remembers a dream he experienced years ago, which is briefly portrayed at the opening of the film (and which, it turns out, is in fact reality): The world was destroyed in a nuclear war, and Orr was poisoned by radiation.
In human translations, in particular on the part of interpreters, selectivity on the part of the translator in performing a translation is often commented on when one of the two parties being served by the interpreter knows both languages.
Henry Voros, Assistant Superintendent of Human Resources and Development
The human waste of the Parisians went into outdoor latrines, usually on the courtyards of the buildings, or cesspools and was carried away at night by laborers called vidangeurs to large dumps created for this purpose at the Buttes des Chaumont and other sites around the edge of the city.
He is a former member of Liberty Human Rights Policy Executive Board, UCLH Cancer Centre Development Board member and Ambassador for The Make Justice Work Charity.
She extracts a sample from Prabir’s last remaining spot of human flesh, and makes a promise to give it a new host to propagate in.
He has repeatedly said that “as a political prisoner my priority is not getting out of prison, but the solution of the political situation and struggle for democracy and human rights  ”.
Kolcaba's theory of comfort explains comfort as a fundamental need of all human beings for relief, ease, or transcendence arising from health care situations that are stressful.
The active site pocket of human aldose reductase is relatively hydrophobic, lined by seven aromatic and four other non-polar residues.
The hippocampus plays a crucial role in the formation of new declarative memories, and it has been theorized that the reason human infants cannot form declarative memories is because they are still undergoing extensive neurogenesis in the hippocampus and their memory-generating circuits are immature.
Pahalgami is founder and president of the NGO Himalayan Welfare Organization, Pahalgam (HWO), committed to service in the areas of health care, environmental protection and conservation, tourism, education, poverty reduction and alleviation human rights, and preservation of the famous Kolahoi Glacier, Lidder and Sind Rivers.
A study using human uterine tissue found that a 1,000-fold excess of spironolactone (0.3–2 μM) resulted in no displacement of estradiol from the ER.
He was previously the President of the National Commission on Human Rights and Fundamental Liberties (Commission nationale des droits de l'Homme et des libertés fondamentales, CNDHLF).
“Book Review: Human Capital: What it Is and Why People Invest It.” Strategies for Today's Leaders Third Quarter 2001 (Web edition).
Human was originally formed on 8 March 1992 by brothers Paul and Scott Harrison (on drums and guitars respectively), and vocalist / guitarist Nathan Ballard.
novels are loneliness and alienation within human relationships and as a result of his character's lives' circumstances.
The un-precedented rate of atmospheric  increase occurring since the industrial revolution due to human activity is of much concern to scientists as it has occurred an order of magnitude faster than planet Earth has ever experienced.
According to these critics, we rightly reject such holistic approaches in human affairs.
The field includes the effect on the human body of breathing gases and their contaminants under high pressure, and the relationship between the state of physical and psychological health of the diver and safety.
Mosby serves on four House committees; Ways & Means, Health and Human Services, Governmental Affairs and State Planning and Community Affairs.
Dobson's "The Prayer of the Swine to Circe" (1640) depicts the horror of being imprisoned in an animal body in this way with the human consciousness unchanged.
Human body as icon of the communio personarum 
After the gann josin link was broken, Whitman returned to being a normal human being.
This means that one-μm thickness (that is ≈5% of the thickness of a human hair-end) would increase service lifetime for the article it coated from a week to over a year and two-μm thickness would increase it from a week to 85 years.
It is a 40 metre high rock dome resembling a human figure whose "eyes" used to drop water.
Some pro-life advocates see their position as part of a more secular, human rights position and sent letters of support for PLAGAL.
Its stated mission is to "enhance the quality of life in society by promoting the development of professional counselors, advancing the counseling profession, and using the profession and practice of counseling to promote respect for human dignity and diversity".
Survival International, in turn, criticised Suzman and members of the negotiating team led by Ditshwanelo, The Botswana Centre for Human Rights of complicity with the Botswana Government.
The project will deliver a dynamic model of Ningaloo incorporating socioeconomic and environmental load implications of human activity in the region that can be integrated with an ecological model of the region with the ultimate aim of developing planning tools and management models to ensure sustainable use of the region.
The TIA program was researching, developing, and integrating technologies to virtually aggregate data, to follow subject-oriented link analysis, to develop descriptive and predictive models through data mining or human hypothesis, and to apply such models to additional datasets to identify terrorists and terrorist groups.
KOK aims to promote human rights of people, affected by traffic and / or violence at national and international level;
There are also indications that the organization is actively involving in money laundering, illicit drugs and human trafficking, as well as illegal immigration inside and outside the EU for funding and running its activities.
Éric A. Cohen (born March 19, 1958) is a Canadian molecular virologist whose research is focused on human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-host interactions that govern viral replication and persistence.
However, analyses of ancient HBV genomes suggested that the most recent common ancestor of all known human HBV strains was dated to between 20,000 and 12,000 years ago, pointing to a more recent origin for all HBV genotypes.
She was attracted by the ideas of the "Ekistics" movement which encouraged a holistic approach to planning harmonious human settlements.
In 1964, he founded the Center of Human Growth and Development at University of Michigan.
In the area of development, Laitman and colleagues have made considerable strides in investigating change in the breathing, swallowing and vocalizing patterns of human infants.
Meechan stated his intention to bring the case to the European Court of Human Rights.
Cortés was away from Tenochtitlan dealing with Narváez, while his second-in-command Pedro de Alvarado massacred a group of Aztec nobility, in response to a ritual of human sacrifice honoring Huitzilopochtli.
It was noted that human rights issues were not on the IGF agenda seven years ago, but have emerged as a fundamental issue in current Internet governance discussions.
The above mechanisms for galactose metabolism are necessary because the human body cannot directly convert galactose into energy, and must first go through one of these processes in order to utilize the sugar.
They are generally designed to achieve air quality standards and to protect human life.
Recently, DNA homologous to Chlorovirus Acanthocystis turfacea virus 1 (ATCV-1) were isolated from human nasopharyngeal mucosal surfaces.
Human betaherpesvirus 5 infection has a classic triad of symptoms: fever, peaking in the late afternoon or early evening; pharyngitis, usually exudative; and symmetrical adenopathy.
In contrast to II, Raison commented that the Cassandra in Inquisition has a more human, if "not exactly softer", side to her, and called her "angrier" in the second game.
The strength of the blasts varied in degrees of power and intensity, and can range from a multitude of colorful sparkles capable of temporarily blinding a person, to a powerful detonation capable of smashing objects and destroying property, or a precision burst inside a human brain, simulating the effects of a massive stroke.
It is a human monoclonal antibody developed by Genmab and Roche.
In the submission of the Petition/Declaration, they also submitted preliminary information in a 38 count indictment against the United States for a variety of Human Rights violations against African people in the country.
Business Volunteers for the Arts (BVA) places businessmen and women with expertise in areas such as strategic planning, marketing, finance, IT, and human resources, as pro bono management consultants with nonprofit arts groups.
The office also functions as the national human rights institution, and is accredited with A status by the ICC.
A pacifist, George was also associated with the "Deutsche Liga für Menschenrechte" ("German League for Human Rights") and the "Friedensbund der Kriegsteilnehmer" ("Association of War Veterans for Peace"), which started an initiative that became known as the "Nie-wieder-Krieg-Bewegung" ("No More War Movement").
David Ownby wrote that he found the brief message to be "difficult to interpret": on its surface, the scripture resembled a "call to arms" against what Li described as "evil beings who no longer have any human nature or righteous thoughts."
A dollar from every ticket sold was earmarked for the Human Rights Campaign, which advocates equal rights for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people.
His best written work was the 1724 publication of Observationes anatomicae, a detailed work involving anatomical aspects of the human body.
Hydrobiologia publishes original research, reviews and opinions investigating the biology of freshwater and marine habitats, including the impact of human activities.
Vann Nath (; 1946 – 5 September 2011) was a Cambodian painter, artist, writer, and human rights activist.
The award are presented at annual Human Rights Day Ceremony on 10 December in every year.
They appealed to the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) and the investigations revealed that in spite of Turkey's claims there were no clashes in the area.
Other animals are tools to make a human host possessive.
The literary products are accompanied by general information concerning human rights and organizations, as well as suggestions for direct action that go hand in hand with subjects that arise from the literature.
Halya Coynash of the Kharkiv Human Rights Protection Group said it was "full of lies" and called it "a truly sick broadcast".
By the middle of the 19th-century, Achikunda slave armies emerged that would capture, kidnap and sell human beings as slaves for export.
As urban colonizers, Zygiella x-notata often aggregate around human settlements.
The Human Be-In, sometimes referred to as a Love-In, was specifically designed by Bowen to be imitated and to be remembered into the future.
Having landed on another island, Ulysses and twelve of his companions go to get supplies and so they go hunting until, following enormous human footsteps, they discover a huge and rough cave.
Since 2011, he has been a member of the Human Rights Council of St. Petersburg.
The same concept of contiguous range is true for human transportation studies in an attempt to understand census geography.
He upheld that God is a personal being with whom human beings could interact.
For The Mud Family, Morin designed a cliff in his house based on one he saw in Utah that was covered with human hand prints.
Scitovsky, Tibor (1973), "The place of economic welfare in human welfare", QREB.
In chapter one, Barfield refers to the unrepresented as that which exists entirely independently of human consciousness.
A complement to this optimistic scientism was his reflections on the limitations of human nature ("Dumania pesymisty" ["Reflections of a Pessimist"], Przegląd Tygodniowy [The Weekly Review], 1876), which led him to contrast sage leaders with egotistic societal collectives.
With Braun and the human King Edward of Idlyswylde to help get through Maristara's barrier, he sets out to adventure.
Angulo Álvarez also argued that his legislative project "would contribute to respect for individual freedom and human dignity".
In November 2005, Amazon began testing Amazon Mechanical Turk, an application programming interface (API) allowing programs to dispatch tasks to human processors.
Music was performed by Native American political activist, poet and songwriter John Trudell and his band, Bad Dog, Folk Uke (Amy Nelson and Cathy Guthrie, daughters of Willie Nelson and Arlo Guthrie), the Herbivores, Rocker T, the Human Revolution, Binghi & the Seventh Seal, State of Jefferson, Marquee, Pass Margo and Tim Pate.
Even though the fungus is frequently found in indoor environment, and has been isolated from wide range of human food, only isolated subcutaneous infections due to superficial wound caused by contaminated material, such as contaminated agricultural tools, are reported.
The dissection revealed that a dragon's brain is about double the size of a human one, but without as many wrinkles.
Responding to Vice News, Miller labeled the Stanford report "completely wrong", and claimed that Gettr had "a robust and proactive, dual-layered moderation policy using both artificial intelligence and human review, ensuring that our platform remains safe for all users".
Wikipedia policy for articles that "could reasonably be perceived as relating to human health" comes under the policy for medicine-related articles which is science-based.
In October 2017, for LGBT History Month, she was named by the Human Rights Campaign, as one of 9 "faith leaders who are also leading the fight for LGBTQ equality".
During the last 30 years, Morocco has embarked on a gradual but solid program of human development and political liberalization.
Though she is at first horrified at the pain she will be forced to endure, Abaca dispels the common human myth of Hell, and promises Jones that she will be "quite comfortable."
It acts as a centre of excellence for human resource development in Fisheries and Ocean Studies and the nodal agency to establish relationship with institutions and universities functioning at national and international level.
Lissa Yellowbird-Chase's work with the Sahnish Scouts earned her the 2015 Arc of Justice Award from the North Dakota Human Rights Coalition.
In studying a human culture, an anthropologist studies the material culture of the people in question as well as the people themselves and their interactions with others.
One specimen caught off the Canary Islands had swallowed human garbage, including potatoes, a pear, a plastic bag, and a soft drink can.
Special Rapporteurs and Independent Experts, part of the Special Procedures of the Human Rights Council, again called on countries to ease or lift sanctions to allow affected countries and communities "like Cuba, Iran, Sudan, Syria, Venezuela and Yemen" access vital supplies in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
The usage of talking animals enable storytellers to combine the basic characteristics of the animal with human behavior, to apply metaphor, and to entertain children as well as adults.
These developments include cloning, gene therapy, human genetic engineering, astroethics and life in space, and manipulation of basic biology through altered DNA, RNA and proteins, e.g.
Art for Gander is about "trying to make some original contribution to human history and knowledge, like an explorer".
Office of the Executive Director (EAP/EX) – Oversees the bureau's human resources and resource management
The taxonomy starts at the simplest, biological level and traces differentiations expressed at the increasingly complicated levels produced over the course of the human life cycle.
Five of them were taken as human shield, and the rest of the twelve were killed, each in a different location.
Jefferson Twilight, a character in The Venture Bros., is a parody of the comic-book character Blade (a black, half human, half-vampire vampire hunter), as well as a blaxploitation reference.
Intelligent machines may eventually generate the production capacity to support universal prosperity and financial security for all human beings.
Dysbiosis can be sectioned into different compartments of the human body.
In 1957, Bronson moved to Arizona, where she served as a health education specialist at the San Carlos Apache Indian Reservation for the Indian Health Service (part of the Department of Health and Human Services).
She received the Martin Ennals Award for Human Rights Defenders in 2011 and the Right Livelihood Award in 2015.
On March 26, 2010, after having reached a world ranking of 98 in professional tennis, Odesnik pleaded guilty to importing human growth hormone (HGH) to Australia, prior to the Brisbane International, a warm-up event for the Australian Open.
His studies of the difference between the material artwork and human perception of it indicated that perception differs with the subject of an image.
He argues that humour emerged as an indicator of other traits that were of survival value, such as human intelligence.
Urbanization is considered one of the main land-use changes, defined as the growth in the area and number of people inhabiting cities and creates artificial landscapes of built-up structures for human use.
Remote Agent (RAX), remote intelligent self-repair software developed at NASA's Ames Research Center and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, was the first artificial-intelligence control system to control a spacecraft without human supervision.
Education on human trafficking took place at 41 percent of the visited sites.
Currently he is professor of International Law in the University of Helsinki and Director of the Erik Castrén Institute of International Law and Human Rights, as well as Centennial Professor at the Law Department of the London School of Economics.
This has a profound impact on him, with Prakashan transforming himself into a realistic and grounded human being, a sensitive nursing professional where he realizes that nursing is more than just a way of income, but rather, a way to help people in need.
Samuel R. Delany remembers that "Brutal and authority-fixated Cade's transformation, as he learns compassion, to understand human rights and a higher sense of ethics, was as powerful to me as a thirteen-year-old reader as anything I'd read.
Gerbic has pointed out the broader issue of the human brain attempting to make connections that then make it appear that the psychic was correct.
Andrew Chester argues that "for Paul, Jesus is clearly a figure of the heavenly world, and thus fits a messianic category already developed within Judaism, where the Messiah is a human or angelic figure belonging ... in the heavenly world, a figure who at the same time has had specific, limited role on earth".
"A deeply meditative poet who sees in nature a mirror for the human condition and sensibility.. these are beautifully crafted poems that exist because they have to."
Dr Lewis Turner and Professor Stephen Whittle publish Engendered Penalties Transsexual and Transgender People's Experience of Inequality and Discrimination (Equalities Review) which is instrumental in ensuring the inclusion of trans people in the remit of the new Commission for Equalities and Human Rights.
Sociologists tend to justify any human action as rational as individuals are solely motivated by the pursuit of self-interest.
Kate Jones, chair of ecology and biodiversity at University College London, says zoonotic diseases are increasingly linked to environmental change and human behaviour.
Unfortunately for the crew of the All That Glitters (a Mikon #4 class ship), the human gang manages to escape the test and infiltrate the ship, where they happen upon the ship's engineer Trell.
Referring to the animal–industrial complex intersectionally, both Noske and Twine acknowledge the complex's negative impact on human minorities and the environment.
Rationalism — as an appeal to human reason as a way of obtaining knowledge — has a philosophical history dating from antiquity.
Members of the Order could open a door between the human world and other realms, help spirits cross over into the afterlife, and also possessed the powers of prophecy, clairvoyance, and what was considered the greatest force of all, the ability to weave illusions.
The psychological birth of the human infant : symbiosis and individuation, 1975.
Dependent on this and other past decisions, the Warden then settles who assumes Ferelden's throne (Alistair and/or Anora), with the option of marrying the one of opposite gender if a Human Noble.
In 1994 Princen flew to Geneva to testify before the United Nations Commission on Human Rights about the use of torture by Indonesian forces in East Timor and Aceh – one of the peak moments of his involvement in the brutal struggle going on in both places.
D-282 NA Cliff Howe Scoundrels, Fiends, and Human Monsters (1958)
The squeamish Martha is probably her only human friend.
 Of Human Bondage (1946) – Flanagan
Consequently, human ESCs have been decidualized in culture with chemical analogs of cAMP and progesterone together.
The drafting of the amnesty bill was pioneered by some of the former commanders known to have committed human rights abuses and who felt threatened by the sudden emphasis on accountability.
Natural teleology, common in classical philosophy, though controversial today, contends that natural entities also have intrinsic purposes, irrespective of human use or opinion.
This included an economic plan which promised to assist responsible existing employers grow, cultivate "new homegrown businesses of tomorrow", have the city compete both nationally and globally for investments, create "well-coordinated and user-friendly" economic development, confront poverty, and make investments in human capital and quality of life.
Although this vaccine is likely, not safe for human use, it still shows that attacking Aβ has efficacy in mice against IBM.
The central theme of the franchise is the battle for survival between the nearly-extinct human race and the world-spanning synthetic intelligence that is Skynet.
The Catholic Church likewise teaches that “the use of living flowers and plants, rather than artificial greens, serves as a reminder of the gift of life God has given to the human community.”
She is an Insectoid who disguises herself as a human by wearing a mask and changing her voice.
Ancient and medieval civilizations needed and used water to grow the human population as well as to partake in daily activities.
Gobannium lies in the broad valley of the River Usk surrounded by hills and mountains, such as the Sugar Loaf Mountain, Wales, the Skirrid and the Blorenge, just before the valley narrows and the site has some archaeological evidence of human activity dating from the British Iron Age and earlier British Bronze Age.
Human rights violations have also been reported.
GLOBIO, an ongoing program to map the past, current and future impacts of human activities on biodiversity
After a failed, over-the-top performance in front of Human resources mediator Jeffrey Weinerslav (Todd Buonopane), Jenna vows to get Kenneth his job back.
The Territorial Imperative (1966)The Territorial Imperative: A Personal Inquiry Into the Animal Origins of Property and Nations extends Ardrey's work in examining the effects of inherited evolutionary traits on human social behavior with an emphasis on the hold that territory has on man.
Luke drives the truck through the woods and finally confronts Moder, a giant goat-like beast with human arms.
Though 'God-Building' was ridiculed by Lenin, Gorky retained his belief that "culture"—the moral and spiritual awareness of the value and potential of the human self—would be more critical to the revolution's success than political or economic arrangements.
After the Lizard was blasted by the magic of the Enchantress, he reverted to human form.
The organization describes it as freely available "for use by any intersex person or organization who wishes to use it, in a human rights affirming community context".
According to Scott Hahn, while the Torah commanded human love, Jesus commands divine love for one another that is modeled on his own acts of charity.
This leaky translation appears to be a uniquely human trait.
These proteases allow T. rubrum to digest human keratin, collagen and elastin; they have an optimum pH of 8 and are calcium dependent.
Later on his petition to Prime Minister of India was forwarded to Ministry Human Resource Development (MHRD) in 2008 for appropriate action, MHRD subsequently said based on letter of Sri Bikram Keshari Deo, then Member of Parliament of Kalahandi, the ministry could consider to establish a branch of Indira Gandhi National Tribal University, Amarkantak in Kalahandi.
Writing in 1998 about the extent of trade coming through and from Africa, the Congolese journalist Elikia M'bokolo wrote "The African continent was bled of its human resources via all possible routes.
Research in this area started to gain momentum in 2005 after the publication of A.-L. Barabási's seminal paper The origin of bursts and heavy tails in human dynamics.
The requirement for doctors to tell patients that the fetus is "a human life from the moment of conception" also violates the provision in Roe v. Wade that "a State may not adopt one theory of when life begins to justify its regulation of abortions."
These reviews incorporate human health and environmental risk assessments, as well as value and product chemistry.
He coined the phrase the Malthusian catastrophe to explain how there were positive checks in human populations like famine and disease that kept the population from rising too quickly.
According to a study of provider vacancies in the IHS (Indian Health Service), conducted by the Department of Health and Human Services (2016), about half of the clinics studied identified their remote location as a large obstacle for hiring and retaining staff.
Refugees integrate more slowly into host countries' labor markets than labor migrants, in part due to the loss and depreciation of human capital and credentials during the asylum procedure.
Harmony tells Gunn, "my last snack had, like, seven espressos," implying she had fed on a human.
According to the historic Indian tradition, a successful and impactful painting and painter requires a knowledge of the subject – either mythology or real life, as well as a keen sense of observation and knowledge of nature, human behavior, dance, music, song and other arts.
The Magellan-Elcano circumnavigation was the first known voyage around the world in human history.
The FI takes advantage of the high redundancy in the human organism.
For Chernyshevsky, rational egoism served as the basis for the socialist development of human society.
Assuming, that is, that you are interested in superstitions, magic, legends, history and the endless parade of human credulity'.
The lecture series is hosted by the Free University of Berlin, the Humboldt University of Berlin, the Technical University of Berlin and the University of Potsdam in collaboration with the Max Planck Institute for Human Development, and is supported by the Margret M. and Paul B. Baltes Foundation.
It could be just as easily argued that the two developed independently in their respective languages, being words that use sounds common to all human languages for a common object or idea.
A woman called Lou helps restore Walt's faith in human nature, but she is resented by young Jimmie, who feels she is trying to take his mother's place.
In 1985, Mazilu became involved in discussions of human rights and of the youth of the world.
This caused an outcry of human right groups within and outside Jordan.
Left to his own devices alone again, Smith expresses hopes for Lamarckism: the eradication of disease and eventually of the perfection of the human race through education and invention.
Gaby Lasky described the shrinking democratic space in Israel/Palestine, and how defenders of human rights, like herself, are attacked and seen as traitors.
According to the manga, which is a different story than that of the game itself, the mask itself was an ancient and dangerous artifact made from the armor of a legendary and evil beast named Majora that was danced to dying exhaustion by a being disguised as a human traveler.
In 2016, Google artificial intelligence program AlphaGo beat human grandmaster in the game of Go for the first time.
While father to Mephisto Pheles, Amaimon, and Lucifer, he also fathered Rin and Yukio Okumura through their human mother.
He mocked the attempts to perceive the nature of infinite-finite dialectics and the manner in which God still occupies the Vacant Void albeit not, stating these were paradoxical, beyond human understanding.
Held from September 20 to October 4, 2010 under the theme "Environmental Concern and Human Existence".
It can be concluded that the goal of the Indonesian people is to uphold national interests, as well as regional interests, also to enforce and foster common prosperity, peace, and uphold human dignity throughout the world.
Another view suggests that the rise of scientific rationalism, combined with the fall of religious influence, the increasing focus on human rights since the 1780s, the exponential growth of technology, plus the advent of flight and space travel, are evidence of the dawning of the Age of Aquarius.
The maxillary first molar is the human tooth located laterally (away from the midline of the face) from both the maxillary second premolars of the mouth but mesial (toward the midline of the face) from both maxillary second molars.
He also garnered two Emmys for his reports on the human brain; he has won five Emmys in total.
Two UBF polypeptides, of 94 and 97 kD, exist in the human (Bell et al., 1988).
Two years before stepping down from the Genome Project, he had stated his own opinion on this long and ongoing controversy which he saw as an illogical barrier to research; he said, "The nations of the world must see that the human genome belongs to the world's people, as opposed to its nations."
 Steve Cooper as Hans, a human who lives in the Roadhouse.
Human rights activists have criticized Aliyev's record on LGBT rights.
Mitchell is a cast member on Koster's Orbiting Human Circus podcast.
The aim of the institute is to provide students with sound knowledge, which enlarges their intellectual horizons and critical faculties, and which encourages them to develop as human beings with openness and respect toward others.
There is also a very low risk of the spread of infections such as viral hepatitis and HIV/AIDS with the human version.
Her subjects concern the human condition and the tragedy of war, and her work in this aspect joins artists such as Käthe Kollwitz and Francisco Goya.
In 1977, when Teuber passed away, Corkin became director of the human neuropsychology laboratory and, in 1981, was promoted directly from the position of Principal Research Scientist to Associate Professor with tenure.
The blast destroys most Fairy technology, which Koboi labs had controlled or created, and human technology, since black market Koboi chips had been used in their development and construction.
She researches the impact of atmospheric aerosols on the climate, ecosystem, degradation of structures, and human health.
His roster includes a mix of DC heroes and villains, including the Atom Smasher, Brainwave (who is possessed by Mister Mind), Northwind and the rest of the society of Feithera, Nemesis, and former JSA museum curator Alex Montez, the human host of the demon Eclipso.
"You have to link with the dancehall; you haffi recognize seh the human element is very important.
He designed novel actuators and with his collaborator Ian Wilson, a sophisticated controller that mimics human articulation, which now provide visitors with an interactive experience, including an app for playing the bells live.
He had been profoundly impressed with Gurdjieff's ideas about the arrangement of the human organism and the possibility of a man's transformation to a higher state of being, and would later dedicate much of his life to the elaboration and dissemination of those ideas.
During her time at Collaborative Research, her research group created the first genetic map of the human genome.
In January 2011, he represented Max Mosley before the European Court of Human Rights in his claim that the right to privacy obliged the United Kingdom to impose duties on newspapers to give prior notice of a publication invading privacy so the subject could seek an injunction.
It is based on the life of Jamaican sprinter and three times Olympic gold medalist and World Record holder for 100m, 200m, 4×100m relay, Usain Bolt, the fastest man in recorded human history.
Ward, who was in London developing Map of the Human Heart, accepted the project only on the third call, as he at first was uninterested in doing a sequel.
Frederic I. Carpenter wrote in The English Journal that the novel "essentially [...] described the struggle of all these lonely people to come to terms with their world, to become members of their society, to find human love—in short, to become mature."
This is a culture where all social, economic, political, and cultural rights—as outlined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights – are upheld to the best of the state's ability.
Jackals build their dens in the bouldery hillocks that surround flat areas, and these areas have been encroached by human agriculture and settlements.
Rockefeller appointed Buchanan as New York State Commissioner of Human Rights.
Second principle: In intellectual Islam this statement “The goal of no religious precept could not be understood by human reason” is not right.
 Galas, played by Luis Ibar is a mage who began the search for warriors of the human race to help liberate Asgaard from the age of darkness in which it is now found.
A Celebration of Neurons: An Educator's Guide to the Human Brain, Robert Sylwester, Association for Supervision & Curriculum Development, 1995,
Approximately 2% of the human genome codes for proteins and a slightly larger fraction is involved in gene regulation.
The NSU Global Health Institute (NGHI) at NSU was established  NGHI for discovery and competency development of human welfare aiming to build strengthen the emerging field of global health response and leadership.
To track down and eliminate these threats, the United States assembles a group of human superheroes.
An album called The Bird School of Being Human was released on Robot Elephant Records in September 2012, co-produced with Marcus Hamblett, described by The Sunday Times as "a stunning find", and "musically and emotionally belting" in a BBC Music review.
I felt that no human being deserves that, and then the penny dropped.
In 2012, Ingber's team was awarded a DARPA contract to string together multiple Organ Chips to build an automated human body-on-chips that will recapitulate whole-body physiology.
Vachaspati  ( "lord of Vāc (speech)") is a Rigvedic deity presiding over human life.
It is classified as Group B2 (probable human carcinogen) by the United States Environmental Protection Agency.
The Curt Stern Award, also known as the Stern Award, honors the memory of Curt Stern (1902–1981) as an outstanding and pioneering human geneticist.
Another major activity of the council is to constitute fact finding teams for various issues and also conducting human rights awareness seminars across the country.
They have dispersed the Constituent Assembly, abolished freedom of speech, have made human life the easy prey of every red guardsman, have destroyed the liberty of the elections, even in the Councils of the Workmen, that have made an end of all institutions of self-government that have been elected by universal suffrage.
They believe that God acts according to a purpose or design, and human reason cannot comprehend this design or purpose in its entirety (though man must always strive to understand as much as he can).
His activities include strategic planning, meeting facilitation, grant writing, communications, operations, project management, and human resources.
It is underpinned by a fundamental concept of children, young people and adults as equal human beings with rich and extraordinary potential and considers them competent, resourceful and active agents.
Written by John Enbom, the episode aired on February 4, 2008, and features the discovery and stymieing of another Terminator and its preparatory mission to artificially bolster Skynet's future war resources, as well as Cromartie's realization of his new human disguise.
For example, Naïve Realism would deny the existence of sounds beyond the range of human hearing and the existence of x-rays.
Schema of duox implication in human lung defence system
“Skólar, úhrif og þroski” (Schools, External Effects and Human Development] in Ný menntamál Vol.
His daughter, Mildred "Mimi" Forbes, was a human resources manager for MDL.
but in the opinion of the former MP NABU took an unprecedented step - decided to illegally appeal against the court's decision which is based on the practice of the European Court of Human Rights, so it is final and can not be appealed.
The philosopher Tom Rockmore described Knowledge and Human Interests as a "complex study".
Furthermore, the preceding sequence Gln-Gly-Gln-Cys is conserved in both isozymes for both human and horse, which is consistent with Cys-302 being crucial to catalytic function.
In response to the patient safety concerns discussed in To Err is Human, the United States enacted the Patient Safety and Quality Improvement Act in 2005.
Discusses theories of human brain cooling and possibility of similar rete mirabile structure as found in some animals.
Human swarming allows the collective intelligence of interconnected groups of people online to be harnessed.
On 4 December 2008, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) ruled that the UK Government's policy of retaining fingerprints of individuals suspected, but then not convicted, of a crime was a breach of the Article 8 Right to respect for private and family life that could not be justified on the grounds of the prevention of disorder or crime.
Her companions revive as ash, revealing the Fire Dragon's purpose is to test human worth and reset the planet if they fail.
The fungus also inhabits human hairs as an ectothrix that do not penetrate the cortex.
In human tissue plasminogen activator chain A the FN1 domain together with the following epidermal growth factor (EGF)-like domain are involved in fibrin-binding.
The core of the Propædia is its Outline of Knowledge, which seeks to provide a logical framework for all human knowledge; however, the Propædia also has several appendices listing the staff members, advisors and contributors to all three parts of the Britannica.
NKR-P1 (CD161) is a member of a paired receptor group in rodents, but the human genome contains only one, inhibitory receptor, NKRP1A (KLRB1).
Like other scientists, he rejected relying on religious texts, and looked for a scientific explanation of human origins.
Their ruler is Kar Kaballa, and they worship a deity named Cythraul who demands human sacrifice and wishes to emerge and consume the world.
Since the human brain continues to mature past age eighteen and into a person's early twenties, it has been argued that many adult drug users will have made decisions to take drugs when their brains were not fully developed and thus they may not have adequately appreciated the risks (as many drug users are under the age of thirty).
Obsidian microliths were recovered suggesting obsidian was obtained from Melos about 150 km away and human burials, both inhumation and cremation were found along with Andesite millstones indicating Franchthi Cave was inhabited on a more permanent basis.
 Asia Democracy and Human Rights Award
However, human zoos would become common only in the 1870s in the midst of the New Imperialism period.
He had now become the angel Michael in a human form, and as such he vanquished Satanail, and deprived him of the suffix il (meaning God), in which his power resided.
Liz Groth, indicating in a nine out of ten review by Alt Rock Live, describes, "Complete with intricate guitar work, expressive vocals, and contemplative lyrics, 'These Hands' maintains an overall positive outlook despite addressing serious issues such as the human condition, faith, and growing older."
The parable is that once some human tribe becomes habitually aggressive toward other tribes, all are eventually forced to adopt the ways of power.
Housing First is much broader in its approach, with program designs developed to be flexible and responsive to the complexity of human needs.
Vincent Barrett Price (born August 30, 1940) is an American poet, human rights and environmental columnist, editor, reporter, publisher, and teacher.
After the Civil War in the United States, more women were hired as human computers.
Stockham writes, "... Karezza signifies 'to express affection in both words and action,' and while it fittingly denotes the union that is the outcome of deepest human affection, love's consummation, it is used technically throughout this work to designate a controlled sexual union."
Prior to its acquisition by Chevron, Unocal settled a similar human rights lawsuit for a reported multimillion-dollar amount.
Contemporary psychology rejects many of Skinner's conclusions, although some scholars find his work into operant conditioning, which emphasizes the importance of consequences in modifying discriminative responses, useful when combined with current understandings about the uniqueness of evolved human thought compared to other animals.
From July 2014 to February 2015, at least 15 people of whom nine were executed (not all by rajm) by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) in Syria for the crimes of adultery or homosexuality, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
(Battlestar Galactica did not itself feature true mind uploading, since the cylons were artificial intelligences that were not based on ordinary human brains, though their minds could be transferred from one body to another in the same manner as is often envisioned for uploads.)
Human Clay, the second album by post-grunge band Creed, became a hit, entering the charts at number one and selling ten million copies over the next two years.
The Human Head New York, Milwaukee: Bruce, 1931.
Kizanti assassins have prosthetic earlobes, implanted contact lenses, and wear their hair long so they can pass for Human.
Patrick Gathara of The Washington Post noted skepticism was warranted, since police had been involved with covering up the murders of human rights defenders in the past.
These contributions have impacted major questions in eukaryotic biology and their applications to human medicine.
The distal cushions of all these organisms (dog, horse, human and elephant) are dynamic structures during locomotion, alternating between phases of compression and expansion; it has been suggested that these structures thereby reduce the loads experienced by the skeletal system.
The stem cells found in human breast milk have been shown to be able to differentiate into a variety of other cells involved in the production of bodily tissues and a small proportion of these cross over the nursing infant's intestinal tract into the bloodstream to reach certain organs and transform into fully functional cells.
It also re-uses Richard Burton's voice recordings during the Human campaign intro and ending scenes.
Prior to his appointment as education minister he served as Minister for Human Services (2016–2017), Citizenship and Multicultural Affairs (2017–2018), and Cities, Urban Infrastructure and Population (2018–2020).
Other fungal models have emerged that address specific biological questions relevant to medicine, plant pathology, and industrial uses; examples include Candida albicans, a dimorphic, opportunistic human pathogen, Magnaporthe grisea, a plant pathogen, and Pichia pastoris, a yeast widely used for eukaryotic protein production.
Researchers have variously attributed these extinctions to human hunting and firing practices, climate change or a combination of these factors.
It is estimated that about 9 percent of the human genome originates from ERVs.
International monitors and domestic observers have listed numerous, often deeply-rooted problems in the country and, with their advocacy, citizens have directed a flood of complaints to the European Court of Human Rights since 1998.
In September 2007, he was appointed to lead an investigation into human rights violations in Darfur.
He suggested that all human experience divides naturally into two parts: that of the surrounding natural world, in which "objective necessity" rules, and that of inner experience, characterized by sovereignty of the will, personal responsibility for one's actions, an ability  to subject everything to reasoning and to protect one's own autonomy.
Later, he regains consciousness in a mental hospital, believing he is in Heaven, and imagines an argument with God over human nature.
The term "comprehensive" is also often misleading because some comprehensive programs do not show the holistic picture of human sexuality.
This boundary is poorly fenced and wild animals often wander into human habitations.
Satire is one of the primary literary techniques of the work, as The Man I Became satirizes the parts of human culture that are often viewed as negatives by postmodern standards.
Scalping is the act of cutting or tearing a part of the human scalp, with hair attached, from the head, and generally occurred in warfare with the scalp being a trophy.
The five main members of the Keroro Platoon each have a human partner whom they share an especially strong personal bond with, which can vary from friendship to familial or romantic feelings.
In the series finale "The School of Hope and the Students of Despair", Izuru finally bids farewell to their memory of Chiaki and her human counterpart, as he embraces a sense of purpose for the first time with the restored and rehabilitated Remnants of Despair.
This is highly unusual as the home of the sidhe is usually off-limits to the human press.
Bio-anthropological analysis of human fossils found also confirmed the colonization of Vietnam by Austronesian people from insular Southeast Asia in, e.g., the Hoa Diem site.
Human rights organizations reported that police and soldiers commonly abused homeless children, stole their possessions, and paid for sex or raped them.
As the first president of South Africa's new Constitutional Court in 1994, and then later Chief Justice of the same court (following a Constitutional amendment act in 2001 which changed his title), Chaskalson gained a reputation as one of South Africa's leading jurists in constitutional and human rights issues.
Scenes of burned and mutilated bodies were subsequently broadcast, and controversy arose over the bunker's status, with some stating that it was a civilian shelter, while others contended that it was a center of Iraqi military operations, and that the civilians had been deliberately moved there to act as human shields.
Alisher Saipov (; 4 September 1981 – 24 October 2007) was a Kyrgyzstani journalist of Uzbek ethnic origin and editor-in-chief of the newspaper Siyosat of the country's ethnic Uzbek minority, which reported on human rights abuses in neighboring Uzbekistan.
Pipe bending machines are typically human powered, pneumatic powered, hydraulic assisted, hydraulic driven, or electric servomotor.
 It Ends Here installed text, haze, coloured light, found sound, performers / human nature or the road to redemption or hell, The Vaults, Waterloo Station, London 2014
It praised the film for its exciting story, for illustrating how Norway was part of the Cold War and how unimportant a single human is in superpower politics.
The main modes of gameplay are Quick Race and Multiplayer, the former a single player race between the player and up to eleven Artificial intelligence opponents, the latter a race of up to twelve human or A.I.
Mutsumi is the least active main character of the series, but plays a significant role as Kururu's partner/friend, Natsumi's unrequited crush, Giroro's romantic rival, and probably the most intelligent human character.
The New Jersey Department of Health (NJDOH) and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) reviewed the environmental data obtained from the site and evaluated potential human exposure to contaminants.
Subjects covered in the Stage 2 titles including the human body, plants, animals, dinosaurs, space, weather and the seasons, our earth and "the world around us."
"Ooo Baby Baby" – Linda Ronstadt, Brenda Holloway, Shalamar, Ruby Turner, Sylvester, Spirit Traveler, Five Stairsteps, Zapp, Laura Nyro, Ella Fitzgerald, Honey Cone, Human Nature, Fingazz
She worked in the staff of the Air Force on Human resources and on the long-term vision for the armed forces.
CSNY worked for several weeks in both Maui and Los Angeles on the project, Human Highway, but these sessions were ultimately aborted due to various disagreements within the band.
Acquiring a more integrative, Unity-Based Worldview increases human capacity to mitigate conflict, create unity in the context of diversity, and establish sustainable cultures of peace - at  home, at school, at work, or in the international community.
In the second trend, represented by this manuscript, the human figures lack the fluidity of those of Honoré's followers and have a remarkable solidity and lack the affected poses and exaggerated stances of the first style.
The earliest evidence of human settlement in Fanad is probably the existence of Megalithic court tombs in a variety of locations including Tyrladden, Drumhallagh Upper and Crevary Upper dating possibly from circa 4,000–3,500 BC.
The EU delegation was led by Mr Silvio Gonzato, Director for Human Rights and Democracy at the European External Action Service.
Laretta Benjamin, an AIDS researcher, described the book as one of the best she has read, complimented Nolan for putting a human face on the statistics.
The other human is the "Robo-Tech," seated in a chair while using two joysticks to control the robot's feet and any other unique parts, such as the movable axe "head" on A.X.E.
The human eye is very sensitive, and exposure to direct sunlight can lead to solar retinopathy, pterygium, cataracts, and often blindness.
Groups are informing those who are unaware of the effects and consequences of human trafficking; involving the traffickers and those who are being trafficked.
They are expressed in the interpretation of any phenomena of human existence from the point of view of their cosmic significance and interrelation with the being of the Universe.
As an organizer and driver for relief transport of the International Society for Human Rights, he assisted, in the mid-1980s, Father Jerzy Popieluszko in his efforts to supply the families of the Polish opposition under martial law.
This is another example of Asimov's writing of robopsychology - personified by Susan Calvin - as running parallel to human psychology.
Prevention includes hand washing with soap, drinking clean water, breastfeeding babies instead of using formula and proper disposal of human waste.
We wish that members of every human grouping would criticize their own past, even before criticizing others."
I began [writing] music attracted to music itself as one human being.
In 2011, the company experienced some controversy when gamers rallied against Grip's boss fights at the end of the game Deus Ex: Human Revolution.
The human genome contains three members the Aurora kinase family: Aurora A kinase, Aurora B kinase and Aurora C kinase.
Since 2007, the Human Rights Campaign Foundation has published the "Healthcare Equality Index", which rates hospitals on issues such as patient and employee non-discrimination policies, employee cultural competency training, and hospital visitation rights for LGBT patients' families.
Some journalists have commented that Polish nationalists attempt to rehabilitate Romuald Rajs as a part of promotion of suppression and continuous abuse of Human Rights, by the right-wing governments, of the Kaczynski brothers.
She attended the Josef Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver, where she earned her master's degree in International Security, with concentrations in Homeland Security, Intelligence, and Human Rights.
He has published more than twenty books and hundreds of articles and essays, since 1966, mainly on Vatican II subjects, as well as topics on social, biological, economic and political ethics, such as the person and the common good, the sacredness of human life, the family and the political community.
She later became a human resources manager there.
The Continuous Existence of the human soul.
Joseph Jordania has suggested that music (as well as several other universal elements of contemporary human culture, including dance and body painting) was part of a predator control system used by early hominids.
In 2007 he was appointed the director of Kent State's new anthropology institute, the "Matthew Ferrini Institute For Human Evolutionary Research".
The other side of the debate highlights the moral imperative to speak up against egregious violations of human rights.
Conus artery, present in only 45 percent of human hearts
Jardine had been raised in a secular Jewish household, but when appointed new chair of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority, Britain’s fertility regulator, she expressed her loyalty to her observant grandparents' Orthodox faith, which she described as going back "all the way back to whenever – Abraham", and her reluctance to clash with the Catholic Church on embryology.
She connects this with the mundane human experiences of falling in love and of focussing attention on "things which are valuable".
While human resource development and capacity building have been the primary focus of our bilateral relations, India is extremely happy to cooperate with Cambodia in infrastructural projects, as well as in projects related to conservation and preservation of historical monuments."
Just as parents conceive and raise their children, God took part in the conception of human beings and continues to be involved in their upbringing.
The 1807 Newgate disaster or the Old Bailey Accident of 1807 was a human crush that occurred outside London's Newgate Prison on 23 February 1807.
By the mid-twentieth century, the zoo was considered one of the best zoos in the world, but it has had trouble adapting to the pressures of growth in the latter half of the century as human populations in Cairo have increased.
According to a North Korean defector, North Korea considered inviting a delegation of the UN Commission on Human Rights to visit the Yodok prison camp in 1996.
As in his state utopia, Patricius also uses his determination of the human aim in life as happiness  (felicità)  when dealing with history.
Understand that our laws are trying to sensitize us to the feelings of human beings, our friends, our neighbors, and especially our wives!"
In this show, they can consume human flesh and accept virgin sacrifices.
Many studies have demonstrated that the bacteria and viruses in the human gut (the gut microbiome) can be altered by changes in diet.
Human (2021) (Pride And Joy Music)
The battle between the Pakistani Air Force and Taliban forces ended when the Taliban had lost a large number of their men and suffered heavy human casualties caused by the Airborne Forces of Pakistan Armed Forces.
The HL-60 cell line is a human leukemia cell line that has been used for laboratory research on blood cell formation and physiology.
Victor Vescovo breaks the human depth record, reaching 10,928 m in the Challenger Deep.
The human element in industry has not received adequate or sufficiently skillful attention.
Since its establishment until today, the Tribunal has held 46 sessions on numerous cases of human rights violations.
The geography of Scotland in the early modern era covers all aspects of the land in Scotland, including physical and human, between the sixteenth century and the beginnings of the Agricultural Revolution and industrialisation in the eighteenth century.
The Ganges shark is restricted to a very narrow band of habitat that is heavily affected by human activity.
On 16 December 2021, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) adopted a positive opinion, recommending the granting of a marketing authorization for the medicinal product Apexxnar, intended for prophylaxis against pneumococcal pneumonia and associated invasive disease.
"Filling Up with Heaven" is a song by the British synthpop group The Human League.
During the detention of the judge, the Human Rights Commission of the Maldives (HRCM) was able to visit him in his place of detention, a military training base, and confirm his safety.
In addition to his solo project, Benjamin has co-written songs for artists such as Jon Bellion, and has a songwriting credit on the track "New York Soul (Part II)" from Bellion's album The Human Condition.
The dynamic-maturational model of attachment and adaptation (DMM) is a transdisciplinary model describing the effect attachment relationships can have on human development and functioning.
In human genetics, Haplogroup J-M172 or J2 is a Y-chromosome haplogroup which is a subclade (branch) of haplogroup J-M304.
Other forms include "husbands" modeled on a particular pillow shape that is sold commercially, and laying figures which resemble oversized human forms.
December 8 – A second human case of H5N1 bird flu is confirmed in eastern China.
The foundation’s mission is to promote corporate responsibility in the process of globalization, focusing on human and labour rights, environmental protection and business ethics.
Human body fluids such as urine was injected into dogs and it was observed that the urine caused a reduction in blood pressure.
In another cabinet shuffle, as Sihota was re-instated into the cabinet in August, Dosanjh's portfolio was changed to Minister Responsible for Multiculturalism, Human Rights and Immigration and he was appointed Attorney General.
Reclaiming American Virtue: The Human Rights Revolution of the 1970s.
In the final ending, Grey survives the ordeal and argues with a DoD official back on Earth, who reveals that the astronauts were sent to the Moon to get infected and return to Earth so the United States could use the alien venom as a bio-weapon against the Soviet Union, which is conducting human experiments with the venom.
He enters the human world to create chaos and make it reign over the world.
Under the illusionary world, every type of human intimate interaction is forbidden, although this does not stop Bishop and Jean Grey from starting a relationship.
He was the co-founder and first president of the International Society for Human Ethology.
His 1994 presentation at the SIGCHI conference titled “Computers are Social Actors” outlined these and other observations on human computer interaction that led to the Computers as Social Actors paradigm.
It was hoped that data would supply insight for the planning and development of the International Space Station, Earth-based sciences of human and biological processes, and the advancement of commercial technology.
The worldwide success achieved by A Brief History turned The Little Man into an iconic character, symbolizing the human race in its quest for knowledge and beauty.
Experts later suggested that the pills had actually been made of newborn placenta for the documented practice of human placentophagy.
By late 1993, groups such as Amnesty International continued to monitor the human rights situation in Comoros, and to speak out against the Djohar regime.
Ragia Omran is an Egyptian lawyer with almost twenty years of experience working on banking and financial transactions who has served a 4-year term on the Egyptian National Council for Human Rights.
In the late 1980s King was the founder and lead singer of the Los Angeles glam rock band Human Factor, and after moving back to Chicago, founded the Larry King Orchestra in 1997.
 Arthur Robertson Cushny FRS (1866–1926), professor of pharmacology at Universities of Michigan, US; London and Edinburgh; pioneer in the study of human renal function
By chance, she found the door of the Nekoya appearing in her vicinity, entered the restaurant and, naive to human customs owing to her long isolation, ended up consuming so much chicken curry that her old friend, the "Red Queen", prompted the Master to hire her as a waitress to pay off her food bill.
Kuehn's focus is a concept of art that enables him to explore questions of geometry and form while also reflecting on and sculpturally negotiating aspects of expression, human experience, and self-perception.
For Balthasar, the role of Ecclesiastes in the Biblical canon is to represent the "final dance on the part of wisdom, [the] conclusion of the ways of man", a logical end-point to the unfolding of human wisdom in the Old Testament that paves the way for the advent of the New.
A broad-ranging philosopher of politics and ethics, international justice and bioethics, O’Neill is a Professor Emerita of Philosophy at the University of Cambridge and the former chair of the Equality and Human Rights Commission in Great Britain.
The earliest evidence of human settlement in Mühlau is the remains of a Roman villa.
Historically it has been used as a human food source, and it has been investigated for its nutritional value for the poultry industry.
A notable individual that believes that climate change and human carbon emissions are unrelated is Patrick Moore, of Greenpeace fame.
In 2007, Iceland topped the list of nations ranked by Human Development Index and was one of the most egalitarian, according to the calculation provided by the Gini coefficient.
He argued that Jesus had two loosely joined natures, the divine Logos and the human Jesus, and proposed Christotokos (literally, "Bearer of the Christ") as a more suitable alternative title.
Human mammary tumor virus (HMTV) is a B-type retrovirus that is closely related to the mouse mammary tumor virus (MMTV).
Desalination was Labor policy established by Sartor, whereas Opposition Liberal policy advocated the human consumption of recycled sewage.
Depending on expertise, between 91% (all scientists) to 100% (climate scientists with high levels of expertise, 20+ papers published) agreed human activity is causing climate change.
In the programme, Stuart was visibly moved to learn more about her ancestors in the context of the Atlantic slave trade, and about their fight for human rights and social justice.
Devi is about "a fierce feminine warrior, stronger than the Gods themselves ... a champion of the heavens, and the protector of man", while The Sadhu "is about one man's choice between his spiritual oath and his human instinct."
Human rights in Denmark#Indigenous rights
The causes of the various periods of hypoxia are being scientifically debated, but it is believed to result from high surface salinity, climate and human impacts.
A disastrous solar event in 2019 and 2020 leaves the world devastated, with only small pockets of human survivors scratching out a living in a bleak, irradiated world.
Pignato's Department of Social Inclusion oversees issues related to human rights and family affairs in El Salvador.
Science, Technology, & Human Values 17(1): 36.
And human form, that more speed.
Guatemalan law enforcement require international assistance to fight human trafficking and assure justice.
Organizations in which Hedgpeth has held membership include the New England Human Resources Association, the Massachusetts Governor's African-American Advisory Commission and the San Francisco Mayor's Film Advisory Council.
Abortion and Unborn Human Life.
Human being is the tensional appropriation between the past and the future, the memory and hope, the actual and the potential.
Newell and Simon were recognized with the ACM Turing Award in 1975 for having "made basic contributions to artificial intelligence, the psychology of human cognition, and list processing".
Given the choice, whether one believes that "the lives of entire peoples and societies have been decisively influenced by exceptional individuals" or, conversely, that whatever happens occurs as a result of impersonal forces oblivious to human intentions, Berlin rejected both options and the choice itself as nonsensical.
Human footprints on the site are distinguished by their shape, often u- or v-shaped heels with well-defined toes and an average length between 120-290 millimeters – excluding one larger footprint of 340 mm.
Bridging art, activism, and academic discourse in their work, AAPF is dedicated to advancing and expanding racial justice, gender equality, and the indivisibility of all human rights, both in the U.S. and internationally.
Bopasenatla is a Sotho word that means to build a strong human.
Positron emission tomography (PET) studies, have demonstrated that aprepitant can cross the blood brain barrier and bind to NK1 receptors in the human brain.
Lee reminds Agent Yoon, "War is not just a game where you slaughter all your enemies, it is the struggle to remain human even while holding a gun in your hand".
Many individuals have found creative inspiration from its landscape since 1804 and their artistic works have documented the transformation of this unique place shaped by human intervention (e.g.
Cobicistat, sold under the brand name Tybost, is a medication for use in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV/AIDS).
He observed that faculty who were invited to give Tanner Lectures on Human Values were almost always liberals, and expressed concern that an imbalance in political representation at universities could impede rigorous examination of issues.
Nityalila (using her first name as her band's name) is an independent group of Filipino musicians advocating Filipino Pride, Human Rights, and Environmental Issues through Music and the Arts.
students to freely design their own program of study from the school's many upper-level courses and seminars, including commercial and corporate, international, constitutional, and human rights law.
In 1994, fellow Yorkshire musician Philip Oakey, on behalf of his group, the Human League, said that Cocker was their "hero".
Nature's reality is not merely phenomenal, nor is it independent and objective; rather, it is something that comes into being through the very act of human cognition.
Its author, Deborah Enix-Ross, chair of the ABA's Center for Human Rights, said the trial touched on many issues other than women's suffrage, "including the laws that supported Reconstruction, the competing authority of federal and state governments and courts, criminal proceedings in federal courts, the right to trial by jury and the lack of provisions to appeal criminal convictions."
It is explained that his recent resurrection was caused when the younger version of Cable went to find Paul, a human who was rescued by Cyclops from giant robots controlled by the vengeful professor Mavin, back during the original X-Men era, with Paul now working for Tony Stark as a scientist.
There is an effect which changes the perception of colorfulness by a human observer:
The theology of collective salvation has often been linked with Millennialism, a belief which forecasts an imminent transition to freedom from human suffering and oppression.
Logan is also the founder of Southern Pulse, a human intelligence organization focused on security, politics, energy, and business in Latin America and Evidencity, Inc., an online marketplace for global records retrieval for due diligence, audit and compliance.
They are not ordained institutionally, but receive ordination from gods, spirits or human ghosts.
Another research center is specialized in human and computer vision (CERCO), and two industrial partners are active in artificial vision (Spikenet Technology) and in pedestrian geolocalisation (Navocap).
She led research on increasing the number of fungal species harvested for human food, including developing cultivation methods for more species.
Idah Nabayiga also holds a Certificate in Administrative law obtained from Uganda's Law Development Centre in 2008. in 2011, she obtained a Postgraduate diploma in Human Resource Management from the Uganda Management Institute.
Gbenga Toyosi Olawepo (born 28 June 1965) is a Nigerian human rights activist and businessman.
The infection begins when a human consumes food or water containing cysts of the Cryptosporidium organism.
 Every woman is a human.
): European Yearbook on Human Rights 2016.
(I) Introduced - a species introduced to Haiti as a consequence, direct or indirect, of human actions
Daniel Antoine, the British Museum's expert on human remains, believes that Gebelein Man had been taken by surprise by the attack as there were no defense wounds.
There are also quite a number of tantric-related images, and even Chamunda appears on the western facade, holding a trident and a human head, standing on a corpse.
During this period, train service increases to meet the demand from one of the largest annual human migrations in the world.
The total range of Proceratophrys melanopogon is probably less than  but the primary and old secondary forest it inhabits does not seem to be significantly threatened by tourism and human development, and part of it is in national parks or in otherwise protected areas.
  (Ask me, I will answer you about the human body, 1945)
Montgomery County's human relations law has been interpreted to not only prohibit ladies' nights, but also a "Skirt and Gown Night" where a customer is given a 50% discount for wearing a skirt or gown.
On another surface, their background is a motif of human couplings taken from an ancient Chinese "pillow book" of how-to positions for adults.
These cognitive processes can emerge from human language, thought, imagery, and symbols.
As of 2007, Zana is active in human rights issues in Turkey and working in the new party she co founded in 2005.
During Aryana's baptismal celebration, Neptuna (as a human woman) steals newborn Ayrana, making her as her own daughter for a while until she discovered that she cannot make Aryana a complete mermaid unless her mother gives her to her willingly.
They also had several features in development, including pre-production on Antti-Jussi Annila's werewolf inversion titled Human, and Iron Sky sequel Iron Sky: The Coming Race, financed through crowdfunding on Indie GoGo, on a script by American screenwriter Dalan Musson which had been released to over 1,000 fans for review and input.
Adventurers can explore, hunt, interact with the human settlers or regional inhabitants, or whatever, without being dragged towards an inevitable specific encounter or end.
Pickett led the first chemical characterizations, as novel molecular structures, of the sex related pheromones of insect vectors, of plant and human pathogens, including aphids, mosquitoes and sand flies.
Under its aegis are accountancy, business management, entrepreneurship, human resource development and management, finance, accounting technology, marketing and graduate business programs as well as support programs in computer literacy and research and extension offices.
Joo Woo-Yeon as Park Min-Gu: Park Won-jang's gluttonous first son who has physical strength stronger than human being.
Earle's thought is infused with an appreciation of the singularity of human existences and with a sensibility that is both aesthetic and ethical.
In 1997, British Prime Minister Tony Blair issued a statement on the Irish Famine, in which he said "those governed in London at the time failed their people through standing by while a crop failure turned into a massive human tragedy.
He is also an evolved human known as an Orphnoch; in particular, the .
Dragovic then tells Cassidy that his daughter Sofia was not killed, but instead sold into the human trafficking trade.
Like the 1994 Alien vs Predator game for the Atari Jaguar, Aliens Versus Predator offers three separate campaigns, each playable as a separate species: Alien, Predator, or human Colonial Marine.
MMP9 is greatly upregulated during human respiratory epithelial healing.
 Human capital (Internet use, basic and advanced digital skills)
In 1976, he moved to Norman, Oklahoma, as Assistant Professor of Human relationships at the University of Oklahoma.
There are some bacteria that have a lot more DNA than a human.
Around 96% of all mammalian extinctions over this time period are attributable to human impacts.
Burton's report, commissioned by the Canadian Department of Foreign Affairs, was entitled Assessment of the Canada-China Bilateral Human Rights Dialogue and released in an unclassified public version in April, 2006.
In the early 19th century, the Andean condor bred from western Venezuela to Tierra del Fuego, along the entire chain of the Andes, but its range has been greatly reduced due to human activity.
However, international human rights groups assert that there has been virtually no movement on those promises, with more people having been arrested for similar offences since then.
The  concept serves as an educational and human resource center for programs provided by Alpha Kappa Alpha.
The three human ras genes encode extremely similar proteins made up of chains of 188 to 189 amino acids.
According to Clara Long, associate director of Human Rights Watch, "The documents make clear that reports of grievous C.B.P.
According to Human Rights Watch, he did not support the protests themselves but objected to what he described as arbitrary arrests.
These bioactive peptides are able to bind to VIP receptors in many different human tissues.
Torture Never Again (Tortura Nunca Mais) is a Brazilian human rights organization, founded by Cecília Coimbra, a victim of Brazilian military torturers.
The Research Advisory Panel primarily seeks to ensure the safety and protection of participating human research subjects and adequate security of the controlled substances used in the study.
She studied ancient traditional Chinese glazing methods of the Tang Dynasty in China and applied them to her art while creating human size jars in bright colors derived from lead.
He addresses issues such as the problems that technology can present should it be misused, and admits a fear that the "progress" of the world is not true progress at all, if it should denigrate the value of the human person.
A rebel movement has arisen despite the strict surveillance of public life and allied itself with human colonies spread all over the solar system, and Mortimer's accidental arrival in the future inadvertently "confirmed" a prophecy that a red-bearded liberator would one day appear to cast down the tyranny and lead the oppressed to freedom.
- human factor analysis, written procedures to reduce incidents not otherwise imminent from above.
Due to novel sequences, though, it is different enough to not conform with the human ABO blood group system, into which the other great apes fit.
In this form she needed to consume human hearts to maintain the host's youth, taking one a year.
This encompasses viewing the state as unnecessary and harmful to both human and animals whilst practising a vegan lifestyle.
After leaving Haiti, Martin was named Chief of United Nations Human Rights Field Operation in Rwanda from 1995 to 1996.
Identified by Lewis Henry Morgan in his 1871 work Systems of Consanguinity and Affinity of the Human Family, the Iroquois system is one of the six major kinship systems (Eskimo, Hawaiian, Iroquois, Crow, Omaha, and Sudanese).
High expression has been found in the heart and skeletal muscle, as indicated through human expression profiling.
Rocky, the frill-necked lizard is an anthropologist and documentary cameraman who is seen fleetingly on location gathering material about the human characters in the program.
After the University of Sydney's Institute for Democracy and Human Rights organized a 2013 talk by the Dalai Lama, the university warned that they could not use its logo, allow media coverage, or permit entry to the event by Tibet activists—forcing organizers to move the event off campus.
The problem in a nutshell is the human desire for mastery and ontotheology contributes to this by presuming knowledge regarding the "first cause" of philosophy and the "highest being" of theology.
 Ronnie Claire Edwards, The Knife Thrower's Assistant: Memoirs of a Human Target, Hawk Publishing Group, (October 2000), 
In this way, perishable matter such as food and even human cells may be stored for millennia and remain undamaged.
Described by Mines Inspector Thomas Evans as a "sacrifice of human life to an extent unparalleled in the history of coal mining of this country", the Cymmer Colliery disaster of 1856 influenced future coal-mining practices, locally and nationally.
She eventually kills the U.S. president and takes over The White House with plans to destroy what remains of the human world.
In 2017, Armstrong urged the UK government to do more to support music education and therapy, saying "in the weft and weave of politics I think these sorts of human stories get shoved to one side, but we have to make sure they are right up front and centre.
IPCRI endeavored to implement this program in order to equip high school students, mature enough to deal with the difficult subject matter, with conflict resolution skills and the values of peace, respect, and human rights.
Lea Salonga as the Mysterious Woman, a human roaming Centaurworld with magical abilities and a history with the Nowhere King.
In contrast, the natural marine ecosystems, a major supplier of food to human societies, are less vulnerable to sudden temperature fall.
The audits targeted environmental groups who have opposed the government's energy and pipeline policies, fight poverty, provide international aid and promote human rights, as well as a group of birdwatchers which were targeted for political activity.
She contributed a paper to the Asia/South Pacific Regional Judicial Colloquium in Hong Kong on 20 May 1996, under the heading "Women and Human Rights in the Asia/Pacific Region, A perspective from South Asia".
"The Paradoxes of Political Liberty", The Tanner Lectures on Human Values, Harvard University, 1984
Religion exists in all human cultures, but the study of prehistoric religion was only popularised around the end of the nineteenth century.
For the evolution of Armenian law this phase was a turning point in nation’s historical development, because it marked the beginning of the establishment of an independent, sustainable legal system guaranteeing human freedoms, rights, legitimate interests and welfare.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that ISIL fired at anything that moved.
When some Europeans questioned whether the Indians were truly human and worthy of baptism, Pope Paul III in the 1537 bull Sublimis Deus confirmed that "their souls were as immortal as those of Europeans" and they should neither be robbed nor turned into slaves.
"Tell Me When" was the first Human League single to be released from Octopus and was issued in advance of the album.
He has published several widely cited papers and the book “Fundamentals of human physiology”.
The mission of the American Art Therapy Association, Inc. is to advocate for expansion of access to professional art therapists and lead the nation in the advancement of art therapy as a regulated mental health and human services profession.
Reports obtained by the NGO Global Human Rights Defence indicate that the perpetrators will often put a fake age of the girl on the marriage certificate to hide that she is underage.
Activism has often been thought to address either human rights or environmental concerns, but libertarian and religious right activism are also important types.
He desires to use Finis as a human weapon to win the war.
Excessive signaling through the EGFR pathway is found in many human cancers.
The rise in enrollment rates of primary schools shows a continued accumulation of human capital in European countries, which began in the 19th century.
The higher the definition of an image, the greater the number of details [that can be discerned by the human eye or displayed].
In November 2019, for the fifth year, the Wrap Up Manchester campaign project ran in partnership with Human Appeal.
July 20 – 1953 Kii Peninsula flood, according to Japanese government official confirmed report, 1124 persons were human fatalities, 5819 persons were wounded.
This line of research suggested that human problem solving consisted primarily of the manipulation of high level symbols.
Pluralization is marked for human beings only.
Unit 1855 (Beijing) was under control of the Japanese Northern China Area Army and performed human experimentation.
During the main event, from the four ends of the positive sign a human wave carrying a 16x16 m banner would start.
The question of how harmful plutonium is to a human depends on the chemical form of the plutonium and the mode of exposure.
Haplogroup IJ (M429/P125) is a human Y-chromosome DNA haplogroup, an immediate descendant of Haplogroup IJK (formerly known as Haplogroup F-L15).
Radiocarbon dating indicated that the human remains were about 10,000 years old.
Chambliss accused his opponent, who cast himself as a fiscal conservative, of acting hypocritically for increasing and padlocking his own salary as Commissioner of Human Resources from 2002–2003 while the state of Georgia was experiencing a budget crisis.
It was then that JJ first met Buzz Bannon, a former Navy SEAL and the test pilot for the Human Fly armor.
However, he could not conceive of an artificial way in which such a perfect feather - especially as it was reproduced in a perfect mirror image on both counterslabs - could be created by a human hand, and therefore concluded the feather must be genuine.
However, his administration did make concessions towards political reform, whereas internal unrest saw widespread human rights abuses at the hands of the government.
Other famous bands that have performed at the Victoria Theatre include The Beatles, The Jackson 5, Kasabian and The Human League.
	Wire Communication:  Any communication containing the human voice that travels at some point across a wired medium such as radio, satellite or cable.
During 15 years in the Maine Legislature (most recently in the State Senate), he has served as a Republican lead on Tax, Labor, Judiciary, Appropriations, Education and Health & Human Services Committees.
However, blue wildebeest can also affect human beings negatively.
There are two notable human characters: Florence (Margote), a young girl; and Mr Rusty (le Père Pivoine), the elderly moustached operator of the roundabout.
Rahne mentions to Rictor that she indeed has her wolf senses in her human form but changed the subject before explaining further.
Borrowing a term from the Catholic Church, Gould describes science and religion as each comprise a separate magisterium of human understanding.
What is the Human Nous?
Later work at the University of Washington in the Human Interface Technology Lab resulted in a similar system in 1991.
Unlike drugs ... human beings can be sold over and over again.
However, the human body has both short-term and long-term adaptations to altitude that allow it to partially compensate for the lack of oxygen.
Their main concern was that it would drain human resources which could be better used at the emergency department.
Session work with Zoo DriveWord of Mouth – Toni Basil (1982) featuring "Mickey"Drastic Measures – Lisa Dalbello (1981)Lifetimes – Diana Hubbard (1979)I'm Only Human – Michael Des Barres (1980)Spheeris – Jimmie Spheeris (1984)Streetcar Named Desire – Ava Cherry (1981)A God That Can Dance – Paul Delph (1996)Targets'' – Jamie Sherriff
It entered phase I human clinical trials for the treatment of multiple myeloma, only three years after its discovery in 2003.
Likewise, Chrétien was later to tell Lawrence Martin that it was far better to intervene in the internal affairs of Yugoslavia to stop human rights violations in the Kosovo region by Serbian forces than to do nothing.
It also calls on Europe to commonly adopt a migration system based on the Australian model to prevent human trafficking across the Mediterranean which the party states enables illegal immigrants and would-be terrorists to reach Sweden.
Currently, 15 of 22 Western European nations have outlawed human germline engineering.
In most human societies, particularly in conservative ones, exposure of the genitals is considered a public indecency.
On 2 June, the United Nations issued a statement condemning the gang-rape and murders saying: "There should be justice for families of the two teenage girls ... Violence against women is a human rights issue, not a women's issue.
(See evolution of human intelligence and primate cognition.)
He has argued for the recognition of "the human right to peace".
It is implied (as in the Midnighter solo series (issues #10–16)) that Midnighter was a normal human before enlisting with Stormwatch Black.
Benesch worked for the NGOs Amnesty International and Human Rights First, and is currently the faculty associate of Berkman Klein Center for Internet and Society at Harvard University.
About the twist ending, Hazeldine said he wanted the film to be about more than just the twist, and he tried to appeal to audiences who seek a story about human nature.
Among participants were Yousif al-Mahafdha of Bahrain Centre for Human Rights and Haytham Radhi, brother of the detainee.
In its 2016 report on human rights in Croatia, the US State Department warned about pro-Ustashe and anti-Serb sentiment in Croatia.
Human life, because of sin ... began to experience the burden of wretchedness in unremitting labour and unbearable sorrow.
Additionally, "mecha" is used to refer to large and bulky suits that protect the human.
Meaning, Shiva incarnated in the form of a human being by entering the body of a deceased Brahmana in the [village of] Kayavatara, thereafter wandered to Ujjain.
In Woolf's view poetry demands both facility in introspection, as well as a deep understanding of the human species.
In medical schools, students dissect human cadavers to learn anatomy.
Another monograph entitled The Rise of the West: A History of the Human Community: With a Retrospective Essay, 1991, by William Hardy McNeill (its ancient and early medieval ages part), was translated by him in collaboration with Dr. Arslan Koichiev and Dr. Taalaibek Abdiev.
In 1981 he was a co-founder of the main human rights non-governmental organisation in Northern Ireland, the Committee on the Administration of Justice (CAJ) and served as its Chair for a year in the mid-1980s.
Inspired by psychophysics, he   was interested in the relationships between measurable physical stimuli and their correspondent human perceptions.
 Preamble: The Preamble acknowledges human rights violations based on sexual orientation and gender identity, which undermine the integrity and dignity, establishes the relevant legal framework, and provides definitions of key terms.
The Earth Human STR Allele Frequencies Database is a scientific project based on a dynamic web interface and a relational database management system.
It is the citizen-state Kokutai in which the state is recognised as a legal person having actual human character...It is socialism because sovereignty resides in the state, and it is democracy because power rests with the people"
In order to receive this report, individuals have to "prove their homosexuality," undergoing what Human Rights Watch calls "humiliating and degrading" examinations.
Reclus' Great Globe was to be  in diameter and feature a 1/500,000 scale globe, a planetarium and a panorama of human evolution.
Kaputikyan praised the prominent Russian human rights advocate Andrei Sakharov as "the conscience of the Soviet people".
Outside Germany, most scholars and scientists regarded Hitler's ideas about human evolution and prehistory as nonsense, in part due to the absence of any evidence that North European communities had ever originated major developments in prehistory, such as the development of agriculture and writing, all of which first appeared in the Near East and in Asia.
The novels are set on the planet Dextra of the Delta Pavonis system, where the first human settlers arrive after a subluminal flight from a post-holocaust Earth.
Rambha became powerful after getting the boon; he began mass killings of human beings and other living beings.
Mr. Lackobreath represented an artificial death state that pushes the boundaries of human potential, and explored the sensations and awareness felt in the conscious transition from life to death.
Here once lived and worshipped another race of beings, who from their forest haunts came forth in mystic power to invoke their awe-throned deity with human sacrifices."
This law prohibits "foreign" NGO's from engaging in a very wide range of activities including human rights, women's rights, children's rights, disability rights, citizenship rights, conflict resolution or democratic governance.
Orthologs were primarily found in primates, although many different mammals also exhibited sizeable sequence similarity to the human C15orf54 sequence.
Touch fasteners held together a human heart during the first artificial heart surgery.
Budescu researches the effects of uncertainty in human decision-making as well as psychometrics.
The LNCaP (Lymph Node Carcinoma of the Prostate) cell line was established from a metastatic lesion of human prostatic adenocarcinoma.
 रसवंतीची जन्मकथा (1943) discusses the birth and development of human languages on evolutionary principles.
After being infused human DNA, it took the President's form and took his place as the President of the United States.
Donna Shalala, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, served as the designated survivor.
The findings of the archaeological site of Kurtzio testify of human presence in the municipal territory at the period of the prehistoric Asturian culture.
 Hair growth and loss (lanugo) during human development.
It is also a remarkable fact that in disappearance of the Tsova-Tush (Batsb) language, the role of human factor should be eliminated.
MAGEA11 is mapped to the human chromosome X, forming a locus at q28 with other MAGE-A proteins.
Human Interests: Reflections on Philosophical Anthropology.
Some analysts estimate that due to an increase in human consumption of water resources, water conflicts will become increasingly common in the near future.
The story is strongly in favor of corporal punishment and capital punishment, as a means of correcting juvenile delinquents, part of a trend in science fiction which examines technology and outer space in an innovative manner, but is reactionary with respect to human relationships.
Although the gameplay of ODST bears a strong resemblance to that of previous Halo titles, the player does not assume the role of the enhanced human supersoldier Master Chief, protagonist of Halo 3.
Writing in an overview of Astley's work in 2010 Megha Trivedi stated: "The novel carries human element of love, the frustration of Paul Vesper and his brutal reaction against the selfishness of Holberg.
As MP he also gave views on social and human rights issues including Prevention of Terrorism Act and the Sedition Act.
 William Roy Hodgson, human rights diplomat
As the plastic is being laid down, it is also seeded with human cells from the patient's organ that is being printed for.
In 2003, Hu Jia lodged a letter of complaint to the European Court of Human Rights over German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's refusal to meet with the Dalai Lama.
The Civil Rights Act of 1866 defined the rights of freed people to own, sell, or lease personal and real property; enter into contracts; and to be entitled to basic human rights.
The main source of radiation in the human body is potassium-40 (40K), typically 17 milligrams in the body at a time and 0.4 milligrams/day intake.
 Elisabeth Omilami, actress and human rights activist
and for showing "how deformation of biological cells can be linked to human disease".
God's Human Face: The Christ Icon.
Only a few months later they opened for Ian Brown as part of the MTV EXIT campaign against human exploitation and trafficking, which included Bulgaria among other countries.
According to this approach, Gnosticism is a map for the human development in which an undivided person, centered on the Self, develops out of the fragmentary personhood of young age.
Post graduation from drama school, Imhangbe had roles in A Human Being Died That Night, Cinderella, and Romeo and Juliet.
White Emperor, who may be based on Gongsun Shu), the mythological son of the sun with a lion face and a human body.
Human rights and Peace activism
Many EA frameworks combine data and application domains into a single (digitized) information system layer, sitting below the business (usually a human activity system) and above the technology (the platform IT infrastructure).
A traditional formula of this is, "Chán points directly to the human mind, to enable people to see their true nature and become buddhas."
Yobi then allows for Geum-ee's departure back to the human world by placing her own soul in the bird cage.
This stems from the fact that the country’s economy has been mismanaged for 40 years, and a country that once held a bright private sector and the educated population has come to have one of the lowest human development indicators in the region.
Grand Ayatollah Hussein-Ali Montazeri (24 September 1922 – 19 December 2009;   ) was an Iranian Shia Islamic theologian, Islamic democracy advocate, writer and human rights activist.
Its capitals are richly carved with human and mythical figures.
Bamber's grandfather had been a politico who had followed the ideas of Peter Kropotkin and her father's strong beliefs in human rights pervaded the radical household.
Isaac is the vice president of Roads of Success, a nonprofit organization based in southern California that works to "advance human rights in the Middle East."
The argument presented by Sterni in this conference states that colonization of Earth is the only feasible solution and that such an expansion would only be made possible if Earth’s human population was eradicated.
Atreyu eventually meets the Southern Oracle, who tells him that the only way to save the Empress is to find a human child who lives beyond the boundaries of Fantasia to give her a new name.
In traditional Greek representations of Chiron his front legs are human, rather than equine, this is in contrast to the traditional representation of centaurs, which have the entire lower body of a horse.
From 2001 to 2002, he completed a master's degree in international human rights law at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) in London.
He seemed impervious to the effects of old age in his superhero persona, but when he decided to go back to being an ordinary human he would die of old age.
On the way, he meets some of the animals that do human activities and say the wrong sounds.
Some of the popular rituals followed in Vedic religions after the death of a human being, for his or her peace and ascent to heaven are as follows.
Powers include explosive hypnotic waves from his cross-like eye, a human disguise, nine iron maiden-like spikes in the torso, and high jumping.
Robinson's research focused on trace elements and human nutrition.
Its story takes place seven years after the first film, with the hotel now open to human guests, and its owner, Count Dracula, being more preoccupied with the fact that his 5-year-old grandson is not a pure-blood vampire.
The constitution was designed to shift crucial decisions about government, the judiciary and human rights to a future national assembly.
Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have stated that Russia is committing war crimes and deliberately targeting civilians, the United States government has condemned the intervention and imposed economic sanctions against Russia for supporting the Syrian government, and officials at the United Nations have condemned the Russian intervention and said Russia was committing war crimes.
it is clear Rando's fundamental concern is to unravel the inside of the human soul through colour, the organic form, its distortion and the free traces of his brush stroke."
Parry observes that in Lee's photographs she contrasts discarded props of human life with the land, symbolically acting as her on Buddhist teacher, asking viewers to "view ordinary things, love change, tolerate absolute incomprehensibility.
In its treatment of Kabbalistic reasons for the Mitzvot, Hasidism deepens and elucidates the Kabbalistic texts through human analogies and psychological correspondences in man's experience.
In 1953 researchers found that laboratory animals could be helped not to reject organ transplants by pre-inoculating them with cells from donor animals; in 1968, in Minnesota, the first successful human bone marrow transplantation took place.
Philosophical questions about the human condition, as well as existential and phenomenological debates played a significant role in his work.
It tells the tale of a heavy drinker who drank enough to kill a normal human, but he died of thirst instead.
Speaking to a leading Russian human rights group Memorial in 2003, Rustam Azizov, a surviving Chechen captive whose arm had to be later amputated due to lack of medical treatment, described suffering extreme abuse while incarcerated, which included severe beatings and torture after being taken to a "filtration camp" at Urus Martan.
In vitro studies on human cells have demonstrated that Lenzilumab can induce sensitivity in myeloid and monocytic cells suggesting the antibody's applicability in CMML and JMML indications.
The player must also seek out the Bloodfall Queen, reunite with their former mentor, Henrik Seven-Swords the Nord human, and be wary of the Thalmor agents.
The Chinese hamster ovary cells that were stably transfected produced significant quantities of Factor IX, which was shown to have substantial coagulant properties, though of a lesser degree than Factor IX produced from human blood:The specific activity of the recombinant Factor IX was measured on the basis of direct measurement of the coagulant activity...
During this time she took extension classes and earned enough credits to be accepted into the Master of Fine Arts program at the University of Minnesota, from which she graduated in 1959 with a minor in Philosophy and a 125-page thesis on "The Human Image in Contemporary Painting".
The case was filed against inconveniencing the public by protesting against the arrival of the United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Prince Zeid Raad Al Hussein outside the UN complex in Thunmulla in 2016.
Through the story of Kamil, Ibn al-Nafis attempted to establish that the human mind is capable of deducing the natural, philosophical and religious truths of the universe through reasoning and logical thinking.
It was also the forerunner of modern human rights legislation in Canada.
 The Large, the Small and the Human Mind (with Roger Penrose, Abner Shimony and Nancy Cartwright) (1997)
The first video introduces Carl and Paul, two llamas that share an apartment, and focuses on Paul's reaction to Carl's murder of a human.
This means that the normal human observer can achieve binocular image fusion in presence of cyclodisparity of up to approximately 16 degrees.
In the late 1970s, Mary Leakey excavated the famous Laetoli footprints in Tanzania, which demonstrated the antiquity of bipedality in the human lineage.
Later that summer, Turkel thanked President Trump for signing the Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act and further wrote that, "It's a great day for America and the Uighur people".
Nonzero: The Logic of Human Destiny, January 2001 , 
They have crowned almost all the human towers on the range of eight stories and the basic ones of nine.
In 1963, Clinton created the 12-member Seattle Human Rights Commission to promote equality and understanding among Seattle residents.
Like Taylor, Starbuck was a human astronaut and military officer exploring a post-apocalyptic Earth.
Our model is consistent with several recent hypotheses about modern insurgency, is robust to many generalizations, and establishes a quantitative connection between human insurgency, global terrorism and ecology.
 'Nicky's Family' reveals legacy of human compassion, review of documentary on the kindertransport children including Abeles (ceskapozice.cz)
It became extinct at about the same time as human arrival on the island, between 16,700 and 5,300 BC.
 Erik Thommesen (1916–2008), Expressionist representations of the human figure in hardwood inspired by African sculpture
Augustine Casiday states that Cassian "baldly asserts that God's grace, not human free will, is responsible for 'everything [that] pertains to salvation' – even faith".
However, Justin has moved on with help from Harper and Alex, who has resumed her relationship with Mason after "country magic" restores him to human form.
Other types include cyber anthropology, a relatively new area of internet research, as well as ethnographies of other areas of research which happen to involve media, such as development work, social movements, human rights  or health education.
Her motivation for doing so was the legend of a child named Peekaf who believed himself an Elf and in doing so lost his human parents.
These toads are more commonly found in human settlements rather than in the wild, so they are easily seen by tourists.
Exon-intron boundaries are identical across the coding regions of the mouse and human genes.
Malco has the appearance of an Orc-like human, and he carries large rock weights on his back and forearms.
Rem is voiced by , who also portrays her human form.
In Genocide and Gross Human Rights Violations, Kurt Jonassohn and Karin S. Björnson wrote:
Human beings in surveyed urban environments are each surrounded by 1000 to 5000 trackable objects.
9 December – Liberal Queensland MP Ron Boswell resigns due to the party's decision not to oppose Labor's Human Rights (Sexual Conduct) Bill.
Human dignity can be violated in multiple ways.
Equine-assisted therapy (EAT) encompasses a range of treatments that involve activities with horses and other equines to promote human physical and mental health.
(2012), "Development of Economic Organizations and their Role in Human Empowerment during the Gupta Period".
In May 2007, Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje wrote a letter to Arjun Singh, then Union Minister of Human Resource Development.
His death led to calls for an investigation from more than 50 organisations, including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch, many countries and several senior UN officials, including Ban Ki-moon, Navi Pillay, Alan Doss and Philip Alston.
in physical education and human performance.
He also worked  in Afghanistan and Nepal in UN missions  as a Human Rights Officer and a Civil  Affairs Officer respectively.
The narrative approach to mediation shares with narrative therapy an emphasis on constructing stories as a basic human activity in understanding our lives and conflict.
On several occasions, the CIA controller orders strikes on obvious civilian targets – including women and children – describing these casualties as unfortunate but necessitated by terrorist leaders using them as human shields.
In Freud's psychoanalytical theory, erotic energy is allowed a limited amount of expression, owing to the constraints of human society and civilization itself.
Early human settlement along Mantua Creek dates back to the Lenni-Lenape Native Americans who exploited its abundance of fish and game and utilized the creeks for transportation.
Charles Darwin opposed Nott and Gliddon's polygenist and creationist arguments in his 1871 The Descent of Man, arguing for a monogenism of the human species.
In 1990, the company was founded by Thomas M. Rollins, former Chief Counsel of the United States Senate Committee on Labor and Human Resources.
Reforestation can be used to undo and rectify the effects of deforestation and improve the quality of human life by absorbing pollution and dust from the air, rebuilding natural habitats and ecosystems,reducing global warming via biosequestration of atmospheric carbon dioxide, and harvesting for resources, particularly timber, but also non-timber forest products.
Furthermore, he makes the argument that if he were to approach animal rights through human social contract, when somebody kicks one's dog, it is only morally wrong because it upsets the person, and not because a wrong has been done towards the dog, which he does not find sensible.
That same year, he alleged Human Rights Watch had incorporated information that was provided by Alkarama.
AIDS, in particular, has a long asymptomatic period—during which time HIV (the human immunodeficiency virus, which causes AIDS) can replicate and the disease can be transmitted to others—followed by a symptomatic period, which leads rapidly to death unless treated.
They aim to alleviate and help mitigate this human impact.
'Utopia' included pieces by human rights barrister Professor Conor Gearty and anthropologist Dr Jason Hickel as well as a selection of LSE students.
It had an early human occupation approximately 11,500 years ago.
His 1955 paper constantly and correctly speaks of "placebo reactors" and "placebo non-reactors"; furthermore, Beecher (1952), Beecher, Keats, Mosteller, and Lasagna (1953), Beecher (1959), consistently and correctly speak of "placebo reactors" and "placebo non-reactors"; they never speak of any "placebo effect"; and, finally, in his Research and the Individual: Human Studies (1970), Beecher simply speaks of "placebos".
In human rights activists' opinion, her inpatient forensic psychiatric expert examination was a means to intimidate her and psych her out.
It is possible to assume the human consumption of different species belonging to zoological groups: such as large and small mammals, birds, reptiles, fish and mollusks.
The human mind required a replacement.
Yo Mujer (Single) - Quadra Studios - 2019 - song produced  for “Vida de Exito”  shelter for recovered children of Human Trafficking in Cusco, Peru.
In human anatomy, the occipital lobes and the back of the head are posterior but not caudal to the frontal lobes and the face.
Despite the prevalence of pleomorphism in human pathology, its role in disease progression is unclear.
Human Rights Watch notes that the fear of being accused of blasphemy or of insulting Islam has obliged writers in Egypt to censor themselves and has obliged academics to do without intellectual freedom.
These regular sessions are led by leading academics, civil servants, and human rights advocates.
He was entirely self-taught but his insight into the human character and a fascination for the unknown led him to start painting.
 Y Chromosome Consortium, a geneticist team who work to standardize classification for human Y-DNA
He proposed the planting of tree fruits and nuts as human and animal food crops that could stabilize watersheds and restore soil health.
The Arroyo Administration was riddled by its several issues on several forms of violations against human rights.
For example, researchers have used the depth information that emerges during replication of human head and eye movements to establish robust representations of the visual scene.
Lee works in human performance for business and sport and is known as an experienced and knowledgeable person in leadership, teams and organizational performance.
Benavides began working for human rights and peace in the 1960s.
Its human development index rankings are high relative to the rest of Pakistan.
The documentary How To Kill a Human Being in the Horizon series featured Portillo carrying out a survey of capital punishment methods (including undertaking some near death experiences himself), in an attempt to find an 'acceptable' form of capital punishment.
Zann served as the NDP critic for Aboriginal affairs, community culture and heritage, community services, education, Human Rights Commission / status of women, and seniors and disabled.
Sean Brickley from Horror News Network gave the film five stars and called McDowell's title character "the most sociopathic Human Relations director the corporate world has ever seen."
Avicenna believed that the human body cannot be restored to health unless the causes of both health and disease are determined.
Nucleic acid removal is not necessary from animal feeds but is from human foods.
The adult parasites reside in the lymphatics of the human host.
At one time he was a lecturer in design in the Ontario College of Art & Design and a professor in the psychology department of the University of Waterloo, where he taught the first course in Canada on human factors in engineering.
Its first task was to help Toronto by taking over the investigation of the electronics store owner Abdullah Almalki, who had worked for Human Concern International at the same time as Khadr.
Clark later served in a major role for the United Nations unit investigating human rights violations in East Timor.
Guo Pu's commentary notes, "The Shanhaijing says: It has a human face and the body of a pig, and it is able to speak.
Previously airing twice-weekly, on Monday and Friday evenings at 8.00pm (ITV Wales, STV and UTV would often air the programme at different times or different days, to make way for regional programming), the show runs the gamut from human interest-led current affairs to investigative journalism.
The following year, he became a Professor Emeritus and proposed a degree programme in the Human Sciences.
Clara rushes to Drosselmeier's workshop, where she anxiously asks him about whether all what she has gone through was real, when they are joined by Hans, now cured of his curse and back to human form.
Small, tender varieties are grown for human consumption, while larger varieties are grown as feed for livestock.
Using AI technology to reshape the human brain or to build machine minds, will mean experimenting with "tools" that we do not understand how to use: the mind, the self, and consciousness.
Only after passing these successive experiences does the mystic reach his goal: the vision of a human form, which is closely linked to his own physical appearance and generally experienced as standing in front of the mystic.
only non-minorities on the Human Resource Department's certified list unless an affirmative reason for
Most teachers in the show are seen as very human and not just condemning of the students who do not study enough, while some of them are the usual strict or heartless teachers.
The purpose of private biometrics is to allow a person to be identified or authenticated while guaranteeing individual privacy and fundamental human rights by only operating on biometric data in the encrypted space.
It is a rule among Kobolds that whenever one of his kind gets stuck to something manmade, they become visible, and according to the rules of their ancestors, must stay with the human who  sees them, in this case Meister Eder.
The National Gallery website explains the exhibition is an “open-ended and complex narrative of human experience, imagination, and social and personal relations in the world of apartheid and in its aftermath".
In December 2021, during an appearance on LBC, Burgon failed to condemn China for their human rights abuses against the Uyghurs, claiming that doing so would “fuel anti-Chinese racism in our society”.
Numerous scholars and human rights agencies assert that since the onset of the insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir in 1988, rape has been leveraged as a 'weapon of war' by Indian security forces comprising the Indian Army, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Border Security personnel.
One management technique is to create Marine Protected Areas (MPAs) that directly limit human activities such as fishing.
A typical 70-kilogram human contains 3 to 6 grams of fluorine.
Reverse engineering human brain evolution using organoid models.
Similarly, printers and monitors take signals that computers output as input, and they convert these signals into a representation that human users can understand.
Hao believed that evil was a part of human nature.
On her election as President of the European Parliament, she stated that during her tenure, she will represent the Parliament's position, which recognises safe access to abortion as a human right.
It is later revealed that this "Goshintai" is actually a human, a girl called the , considered a being with god-like powers in Shai-Fang.
The Annual Review of Pathology: Mechanisms of Disease defines its scope as covering significant developments in research on the initiation and progression of human disease.
The introduction of polar hetereocycles to improve the solubility and human cytochrome P450 (Cyp450) enzyme profile of 3 using intrinsic clearance in microsomes to drive the improvements in the later’s pharmacokinetic profile lead to the 2’,6’-dimethyl-3’-pyridyl morpholine amide Epelsiban.
Most of its habitat is rugged and inaccessible, which helps protect it from human threats.
 An archaic spelling of werewolf, a human with the ability to shapeshift into a wolf
In 2011 he was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of St. Michael and St. George (KCMG) for "services to human rights, democracy and the rule of law in Europe".
Furthermore, in October 2016 the group was nominated as one of the finalists of the 2016 Martin Ennals Award for Human Rights Defenders.
Vaugier appeared in two episodes of the Fox series Human Target as FBI agent Emma Barnes, who is first introduced to the show on January 26, 2010, in the episode "Embassy Row".
In a similar fashion, Canada's relationship with Saudi Arabia was also put under strain, as human rights groups called on Trudeau to stop selling military equipment to that country under a deal struck by the Harper government.
The post which is providing a strong, independent, flexible and sufficiently broad mandate, is aimed at increasing the European Union's effectiveness, coherence, and visibility in protecting and promoting human rights in the EU's foreign policy.
In this tale Lem puts forth the idea that what is perceived a human weakness is in fact an advantage over a perfect machine.
In 1970, Güney participated to the first special session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs, and to the 28th Human rights commission in 1971.
Witnesses report that Bagavutdinova had previously been harassed by local authorities for her work on human rights campaigns in the area.
According to Taylor and Van Every, "what is missing [in Weick’s 1995 Sensemaking in Organizations version of enactment] ... is an understanding of the organization as a communicational construction or an awareness of the institutionalizing of human society that accompanies organization with its many internal contradictions and tensions".
Universal Soldier: Regeneration portrays Devereaux as an essentially broken man, part human, part UniSol.
Drosophila is a prime candidate for genetic research because the relationship between human and fruit fly genes is very close.
She went on to publish a book entitled Human Blood Groups and Inheritance in 1951 together with Lawrence J. Lawler, which was revised in 1957 and reprinted in 1966.
In the 1980s, Thalmann together with Nadia Magnenat Thalmann became interested in the realistic computer modelling and rendering of the human form, in motion.
Jules stumbles deeper underground and meets a Tessian Fox, a ghost-like creature native to The Staircase and considered a spiritual symbol by the native human population.
1992 - Civilizations of the West:  The Human Adventure (Harper Collins, 1992).
We were just human beings who saw a need to bring attention to the inequality in our country.
 Project Mercury, the first human spaceflight program of the U.S., 1958–1963
 Mike Leavitt, former governor of Utah, former administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, and former secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; born and educated in Cedar City
In particular, they refuted the assumption of Confucius as a godlike figure and considered him as the greatest sage, but simply a human and mortal.
Despite having been the only MLC to vote against the Human Tissues Bill, which included provision for heart transplants, he required one himself after his heart attack.
Since the id is an innate portion of human instinct, interpretation of the conscious is an insufficient method, thus the psychoanalyst must first be able to surmount resistances by the means of deduction of patients' unconscious defenses that are presented through exploitation of the mechanism of transference.
It speaks about the things that Beckett's dramas carry inside, but does not speak directly—the writer had to tell it elsewhere and with a different reason: that the human life is most melodramatic of all the melodramas.
Detroit: Become Human, a video game developed by Quantic Dream for the PlayStation 4
China's unequal transportation system, combined with important differences in the availability of natural and human resources and in industrial infrastructure, has produced significant variations in the regional economies of China.
 Biological response modifiers, are substances that the human body produces naturally, as well as something that scientists can create in a lab
Kurtz was the author of two books about her experiences in city planning and human rights:
In 2010, she played a pivotal role in the recognition of water and sanitation as human rights by the UN General Assembly.
However, IGFBP-3 gene expression in human liver is GH-independent.
The ads highlighted public funding of religious schools as a human rights violation.
It also can spread through skin contact with contaminated human feces.
Jackson states that "We are not spectators; all human landscape is not a work of art."
Verbitsky claims he was approached on the subway in November 1994 by naval officer Adolfo Scilingo who offered to discuss human rights abuses by the Argentine military during the 1976-83 Dirty War.
For Wright, writing is his way to the human heart, and therefore, the closest cure to his hunger.
These birds have shorter breast bones and larger breasts, sometimes rendering them unable to breed without human assistance (typically via artificial insemination).
Ford Foundation Award for research on African orature and human rights – 1987–90.
Human Cultural Assets (1989–90) is a series of black and white portraits of people designated "national cultural assets" by the Korean government.
Such robots attempt to replicate walking, lifting, speech, cognition, or any other human activity.
The isoelectric point of human milk lysozyme is 10.5-11.
The gene atf2 is located at human chromosome 2q32.
These included John Diefenbaker, a member of the Progressive Conservative party who was very supportive of human rights, and Stanley Knowles, a member of the CCF who protested the unequal treatment of the Chinese.
Koyomi uses a power to transform his arms into tree roots to defeat Guillotine Cutter and save Tsubasa, but appears to have abandoned his wish to become human again.
He states 'new culture' being addressed and reports a new senior management Human Resources appointment.
In addition to detailing anatomy, the exhibit explores the possibilities of the human body with activities to simulate the experiences of adventure-seekers, elite athletes, and extreme-sports enthusiasts.
 Only Human (Indonesia) by Mukhlis Nur
Human chess is typically played outdoors, either on a large chessboard or on the ground, and is often played at Renaissance fairs.
His contributions to the fields of human security and social development included: The Cost of Reform: The Social Aspect of Transitional Economies which he co-edited with Asfaw Kumssa.
Justice Stephen Breyer issued a concurrence in the judgement, arguing that while the statute does limit speech, all human interactions limit speech as well.
Simonson was the first Assistant Secretary for Public Health Emergency Preparedness at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
Western esotericism integrates a broad variety of traditions, some of which view self-realization as the ultimate goal of a human being.
 Human resource development and capacity building
Specializing in surgery of the genito-urinary tract, and in particular in that of the bladder, he studied in Paris under Jean Civiale, who in the first quarter of the 19th century had developed a procedure to crush a stone within the human bladder and who had invented an instrument for this minimally invasive surgery.
Archaeologists believe that the San Marcos Springs area may be the oldest continually inhabited site in North America, with sediment core evidence of human activity dating back approximately 11,500 years.
Despite the apparent increase in population and size, the long-term effect of human impact on the species is unclear.
The film is inspired from the life of the human right activist Harish Iyer.
Her true identity is never revealed, but it is implied that she is the physical human form of Escalus, as whenever the tree further rots, so does she.
Some international public health and human rights organizations have pushed for the decriminalization of sex work, stating that it would allow sex workers to work in safe conditions while also improving access to legal and health systems.
In a recent comic I Am Not Starfire Starfire has a new daughter named Mandy who at first lack's her mother's figure and powers and is half human, implied repeatedly to be Starfire and Nightwing's daughter.
Principles on Extraterritorial Obligations of States in the Area of Economic, Social and Cultural Rights  Human Rights Quarterly, Vol.
Human Rights Initiative of North Texas (HRI) has had significant growth as an agency since its inception in 1999.
:253 The United States' Brain Initiative was launched in 2014, as was the European Union's Human Brain Project; China's Brain Project was launched in 2016.
Generally, prior to the usage of test articles in research involving human subjects, and approval from the institutional review board (IRB), however emergency life-threatening situations are exempt form this requirement.
He was professor of sculpture and human anatomy at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia and a consultant and lecturer at the New York Academy of Art.
December 4: Demonstrators and human rights group protested in front of the DILG office in Quezon City on the second anniversary of the executive order that created the NTF-ELCAC.
In this case, Primark's human resources systems became spread out and difficult to monitor.
The scientists used injection of Cas9 protein complexed with the relevant sgRNAs and homology donors into human embryos.
Democratic Maryland Senator Chris Van Hollen accused the Erdogan of "using Jihadi proxies that include a lot of al Qaeda elements and they are committing human rights abuses, including that the Trump Administration has acknowledged are war crimes."
Lusenge was chosen for the award "for her selfless dedication to the human rights of Congolese women amid the horrors of war, and for being a voice to the voiceless," said Hillel Neuer, the executive director of United Nations Watch.
 Drawings of Gibran: A Human Perspective, 2015
On its initial release, Almost Human was unanimously condemned by Italian film critics as fascist and reactionary.
However, the report also found that efforts to define prostitution as a human rights abuse had led some governments to take action to abolish the sex industry.
1979 – Urie Bronfenbrenner published The Ecology of Human Development, founding ecological systems theory.
The losers from the 2007 election were the Australian Democrats, Unity Party, Outdoor Recreation Party (ORP), Human Rights Party (HRP) (formerly Reform the Legal System Party) and One Nation.
Wright later said that Watt changed his dialogue towards "a more human and down-to-earth" style which he praised him for doing.
Other factors that are likely to effect the probability of getting sexually offended are social status, possible drug usage, belonging to a sexual or gender minority or being disabled as well as if the person is a victim of human trafficking.
The first character Raiku created was Monoko, having initially envisioned her raising a baby in the human world, which he changed after talking with his editor.
The Arab League too criticized the duration of the sentence as lenient stating it showed "racism", while Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights called it "excessively lenient" and "unacceptable".
Human Rights Watch stated that although Carriles might no longer receive active assistance, he benefited from the tolerant attitude of the U.S. government.
The other important items found at site compromised: scores of human and animal figurines; ivory and shell bangles; terracotta ear ornaments; saddle querns with Buddhist symbols and burnt grains which compromised wheat, Jowar, gram, ber and rice.
The FMNL2 gene is expressed in multiple human tissues.
All art areas teach the human experience through their own lenses.
CMA starts with the idea that human health is a biosocial and political ecological product.
Several researchers and the UN Human Rights Council have concluded that continued protection of these strongholds by environmental defenders may be indispensable to environmental protection and the mitigation of climate change.
The human oral bioavailability is approximately 50% and maximum plasma concentration was achieved within 1–2 hours after dosing.
Sirius depicts a six-inch human skeleton known as the Atacama skeleton, and features images and a DNA test of the skeleton, suggesting it is an alien life form.
Rather than a vague "Cosmic joker", as he postulated in his earlier books, the responsibility for these occurrences are freak powers that occur in the human mind, that cannot be naturally developed, but are there, Fort feels, as a sort of throwback to primeval times.
It is endemic to Sri Lanka and can be seen in forests, plains, hills and human vegetation of higher elevations.
None of them depict human figures.
In June 2016, the Human Rights Campaign released a video in tribute to the victims of the Orlando nightclub shooting; in the video, Daniels and others told the stories of the people killed there.
William T. "Bill" O'Donohue (born August 18, 1957) is an American psychologist who focuses on human sexuality, especially child sexual abuse.
The charter also calls for democracy and human rights, land reform, labour rights, and nationalisation.
Nūbē saves her, however, believing her to be different from the other Oni and choosing to give her a second chance in the human world.
To understand the characteristics of learners in childhood, adolescence, adulthood, and old age, educational psychology develops and applies theories of human development.
São Gonçalo do Rio Preto is ranked in the bottom tier of municipalities in the state and country in human development.
Ben Achour is also a  member of the Tunisian human rights League.
The four terracotta works were complete human figures and each was placed opposite a traditional incomplete Traveler statue in bronze, intending to represent the end of the emigrants' journeys.
1988 – Adoption of the right to food in the Additional Protocol to the American Convention on Human Rights in the area of Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights (the "Protocol of San Salvador").
In a high risk environment, as is the case in diving, human error is more likely to have catastrophic consequences.
In 2013 the school won the National Award for Education for Development "Vicente Ferrer" for its participation in Global Solidarity Week which focuses on global citizenship, solidarity, commitment to the eradication of poverty and its causes, and human and sustainable development.
She also holds a Certificate in Teaching Learners with Specific Learning Difficulties (Dyslexia) from OCR at University College London's Centre for Human Communication; and an Adult Education Teaching Certificate in English as a second or foreign language (EFL) at Morley College in London.
; then wild animals; human figures are scarce; inanimate objects such as a train or pocket watch are very rare and command high prices.
 Evaluating the human health and environmental impacts of its processes and products.
It tells the story of a young monster in the shape of a human who is hated because of her difference and supernatural abilities.
The alleged human rights abuses include "forced disappearances, targeting of UN staff and summary executions."
Roger Wolcott Sperry, through his research of split-brain patients, had found out that the human brain lateralizes functions, meaning that the two hemispheres of the brain have different functions.
He was appointed as the South African Public Protector in 2002 and at the end of his term in 2009 he left to chair the South African Human Rights Commission.
Medusa, the ancient planetary consciousness of Mars, has awoken, and by various means is attempting to purge the planet of the human colonists who are terraforming her.
Several variables must be met for fire to occur, all of which are influenced by both natural and human factors.
The ISOGG tree has been described by academics as using the accepted nomenclature for human Y-chromosome DNA haplogroups and subclades in that it follows the Y Chromosome Consortium nomenclature as described in Karafet et al.
In desperation, the StarKids resort to human sacrifice, removing Joey's Heart (which, like in Me and My Dick, is anthropomorphised).
All human chromosomes have 2 arms - the p(short) and the q(long) arm, which are separated by the centromeres.
Backscatter X-ray machines use low dose penetrating radiation for detecting suspicious metallic and non-metallic objects hidden under clothing or in shoes and in the cavities of the human body.
In his paintings the newly discovered laws of perspective were applied, the drawing of foreshortened parts was correct, and the anatomy of the human body was well understood.
Currently, these liposomes are used in the study of the properties of this phosphatidylcholine and of its use as a mechanism of drug delivery in the human body.
This expansion included, among other changes, over forty large stone heads, whose reconstructed positions represent a transformation from human to supernatural animal visages.
2000 "The Meming of Love; Invention of the Human Heart."
Brevibacterium linen is ubiquitously present on the human skin, where it causes foot odor.
Harrison's other acting credits include the cult films Tank Malling (1989) and Human Traffic (1999), and the ITV police drama The Bill (1995 & 2002).
It is also undisputed that Conti participated in human experiments.
This is rationality "on a human scale," rather than a secular replica of religion.
Trials led by Professor Kim Hyung-jun at Semyung University Oriental Medicine Hospital backed up this claim when a human trial involving 2g dosages to 99 subjects led to an overall increase in the number of white blood cells after 8 weeks of ginseng administration.
In December 2019, documents which were obtained during a lawsuit revealed that the Office of Refugee Resettlement, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and U.S. Department of Health and Human Services knew that the resettlement camps which housed many separated immigrant families were in poor condition and created health problems for some as well.
Devatop is mainly working with young people in prevention of human trafficking.
 Biosphere 2 – designed as an artificially closed complete ecology, and was the setting for research on human interaction with natural systems.
Migrationism explains cultural change in terms of human migration, while diffusionism relies on explanations based on trans-cultural diffusion of ideas rather than populations (pots, not people).
"All the Good Girls Go to Hell" was described by Stereogum as a "punchy piano number" and one of the album's "poppiest tracks," and explores the idea that God and the Devil are both "looking at human beings as this kind of meek group of people and just being like, "What are they trying to do here?""
Second, May appreciated the central role of decision making in human experience.
It was dedicated to the human tragedy resulting from the catastrophic floods in Bulgaria in 2014.
“Childhood Sexuality,” entry chapter in The Encyclopedia of Human Sexuality, edited by P. Welehan & A. Bolin.
His soul enters a human body offered by Felix Faust, posing as Deadman.
In Spinoza's political philosophy, state is not opposed to the society but it is the apparatus that gives a certain form or existence to the society, to a gathering of human beings.
But by the early 1970s, that critical threshold had been crossed: Human consumption began outstripping what the planet could reproduce.
Some time after being reawakened on Earth four million years later, Sideswipe was aboard a ship named 'The Ark II' created by the Autobots and their human allies to end the war on Earth and return to Cybertron.
These records can be combined for studies in disciplines such as human genetics, demography, geography, sociology, and history.
These works helped lead the way towards Braune's experimental, anatomical studies of the human gait, being published in the book Der Gang des Menschen (co-written with physiologist Otto Fischer 1861–1917).
 it has been found to specifically inhibit MRP (multidrug resistance proteins) in murine and human cells
It is the first and largest group of human rights lawyers established in the nation.
On the right bank near Sprimont is the site of the Belle Roche cave, the oldest known place of human occupation of the Benelux (dating back about 500,000 years).
Human bodies are predisposed to maintain homeostasis, especially when storing energy as fat.
According to Weidman, "It was a positive time, one that said yes to human values, a time full of vitality, there was that urgent need to express oneself but also to express the time in which one lived.
From 1947 to 1967, it concentrated on promoting human rights and helping states elaborate treaties, but not on investigating or condemning violators.
Scipio and Berganza are Mahudes's dogs and possess a human skills, such as speech and reasoning, which allows them to judge and criticize from afar.
 A 3D Map of the Human Genome
 "In Jukti Takko Aar Gappo, the elements were presented in their new raw form — reason, argument, story, song that hunger which is the basis of human creativity.
The client requested that the project “provide the optimal environment for the human mind to conceive of the universe.” As a result of the site constraints regarding an adjacent flood plain surrounding the building, the massing of the extension was raised on stilts, which creates a hovering effect above an existing reflecting pool.
Figueredo used to be the senior vice president for Human Resources at Dow Jones & Company.
In attempting to meet this demand, systemic human rights violations are consistently traced to Indonesian palm oil producers, including forced labor and child labor, gender discrimination, and worker exploitation.
It seeks to offer an approach to the social, political, and economic order that brings issues of human justice together with a concern for ecology.
More complex plants had more complex panel boards, and therefore often more human operators or controllers.
At Yonge Street and York Mills Road, the tallest commercial building in the neighbourhood, York Mills Centre, holds large office and retail spaces, occupied most notably by the human resources services supplier, Randstad Interim.
Some terms inherently emphasize the importance of increased employment and labor utilization (such as labor-intensive or capital-saving technology), while others may emphasize the importance of human development (such as self-help and people's technology).
The official logo of the 2018 Sukma Games is an image that combines the elements of human and water wave.
Together with Sabouraud, he began to study aphasia and other language disorders, which conducted him to develop a new theory of human rationality, he called theory of mediation (or clinical anthropology).
Such behaviour has been suppressed recently by the gradual change of human dietary habits (low-fat or skimmed milk instead of full-fat), and the way of getting them (from a supermarket in plastic containers with hard plastic lids, instead of the milkman).
This allowed Dati to attribute an active force of human agency and that punishment would be akin to moral consequences, not divine intervention.
Lower levels of metalworking mounds often contain evidence of foundational ritual practices and human interments over top of which metalworking would have taken place.
Shion was born in the home world of the Clients, but his human mother escaped with him through a portal created by Shion's father.
EPA will use the Recovery Act funds allocated to this site to speed up the ongoing cleanup of off-site properties and to more quickly eliminate human exposure pathways to contaminants.
Women’s input in medicine evolved throughout human history.
 Human resources for health in India, The Lancet (12-18 February 2011)
He hosted for two years a radio show on CKDG-FM Montreal, providing his expertise on human rights, criminal law and the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
It appeared in two phases: a few first copies were printed and illuminated by Blake himself in 1789; five years later, he bound these poems with a set of new poems in a volume titled Songs of Innocence and of Experience Shewing the Two Contrary States of the Human Soul.
Although Davis is a staunch Eurosceptic and has criticised the record of the European Court of Human Rights, he has also argued against withdrawal from the court's jurisdiction, on the basis it might encourage countries with far worse civil liberties to do likewise.
Large quantities of biologically active human Factor H, potentially suitable for therapeutic purposes, were produced using a synthetic codon-optimised gene expressed in the yeast expression host, Pichia pastoris.
The human GIPC1 molecule is 333 amino acids or about 36 kDa in molecular size and consists of a central PDZ domain, a compact protein module which mediates specific protein-protein interactions.
Also in 1945, Delta Sigma Theta, along with Alpha Phi Alpha, Alpha Kappa Alpha, Kappa Alpha Psi, Zeta Phi Beta, and Sigma Gamma Rho established the American Council on Human Rights which had the goal to "mobilize the influence and resources of its members in the struggle for justice and equal opportunity for all U.S.
There are no stable nuclides having atomic number greater than Z = 82 (lead), although bismuth (Z = 83) is stable for all practical human purposes.
Though, the cost of human capital is nearly impossible to calculate.
According to an article by reporter Janet Gonzales that appeared in the Phoenix New Times, videotape of the v shape shows the lights moving as separate entities, not as a single object; a phenomenon known as illusory contours can cause the human eye to see unconnected lines or dots as forming a single shape.
High salt concentrations within drinking water sources can result in many harmful effects on human health.
In the human world, he is destined to do good deeds such as fighting injustice and helping the poor, as well as to continue his quest of taming the White Tiger Star.
Pell stated in his homily that mankind has a duty not "to damage and destroy or ruthlessly use the environment at the expense of future generations", but expressed scepticism regarding human activity causing climate change.
When he takes in his human form, U Mingyaw takes relish drinking toddy, the sap of the palmyra tree (aka the "toddy palm").
During this period he participated in Columbia's Conservation of Human Resources Project.
Although it is not known why he was killed, it is possible that it may have been a human sacrifice or ritual murder.
Beatrice is the human girl who is dead and is now an agent of the divine.
In a lecture on "The Origin of Man", delivered for the American Association for the Advancement of Science, at Cincinnati, Ohio, Hrdlička said that the cradle of man is not in Central Asia but in Central Europe, as Europe is the earliest known location where human skeletal remains have been found.
The UN Charter mandates the UN and its member states to maintain international peace and security, uphold international law, achieve "higher standards of living" for their citizens, address "economic, social, health, and related problems", and promote "universal respect for, and observance of, human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction as to race, sex, language, or religion".
Dr. French, lead author, and five other researchers published their findings in the online research journal Stem Cells, in an article entitled Development of human cloned blastocysts following somatic cell nuclear transfer (SCNT) with adult fibroblasts.
An arc source puts out visible light that may be harmful to human eyes.
Satan is not a conscious entity to be worshiped, rather a reservoir of power inside each human to be tapped at will".
Previous positions at First Union included vice chairman of the corporation and head of Global Capital Markets; president, First Union-Florida; senior vice president and head of First Union Human Resources; president, First Union Georgia.
The 1986 release of King's Quest III: To Heir is Human doubled the size of the previous games in the series, and earned a ranking on Time's list of 50 Best Video Games of All Time.
Work by Elias Porter and others within the RAND Corporation after WWII extended the conception of human factors.
While there, he was called to Dachau to testify at the trial of a Nazi physician accused of human experimentation resulting in the deaths of 40 prisoners.
 The Emperor's Path (2003) — when a traveling circus picked up a lost boy on a side of the road, only two people in the World of the Four Empires knew of his fate: a man who became a werewolf and a wizard who has not been human for 300 years.
The post of the Commissioner for Human Rights in Russia was introduced by the 1993 Russian Constitution.
The character has been the subject of various jokes including internet memes and a 2012 Saturday Night Live skit (in which Renner portrayed the character), highlighting the perceived absurdity of a regular human archer amongst aliens, super soldiers, and gods.
In Peter F. Hamilton's Night's Dawn trilogy, Fletcher Christian's ghost appears, possessing a human body, and helps two non-possessed girls escape.
However, as time passes, Chizuru and Shinsengumi confront a mysterious faction who claimed to be demons and that Chizuru is also a demon with her father revealed to be experimenting on the Water of Life to create the Furies to conquer the human race.
More progressive environmental protection had it start in the 1960s and 1970s with major international programs such as the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment in 1972, the Environment Committee of the OECD in 1970, and the United Nations Environment Programme of 1972.
Lisa Nesselson of Variety called Unicorn the Fruit Garden: "A celluloid oddity bathed in homoerotic overtones (...) Via a circular structure linked by a sloshed poet, pic incorporates human sacrifice, much symbolic tweaking of male nipples and other ritualistic behavior set in mystical vistas inhabited by hairless young Indian youths in scanty attire."
But it is also about each and every one of us using our time, our gifts and our resources to do something to stop human trafficking worldwide.”
As Wōden, he is often accompanied by The Valkryies, a group of human women who are all tall, Asian, and beautiful.
Drawing on its prisoner database and years of experience in the selection and presentation of cases, Dui Hua produces many lists each year to be delivered to the Chinese government either directly or through countries and organizations that hold human rights dialogues with China.
In May 2019, Opoku-Gyimah was appointed Executive Director human rights charity the Kaleidoscope Trust.
In Germany it is seen as a totalitarian anti-democratic organization and is under observation by national security organizations due to, among other reasons, suspicion of violating the human rights of its members granted by the German Constitution, including Hubbard's pessimistic views on democracy vis-à-vis psychiatry and other such features.
Through the Developmental Model, (Wolfensberger, 2013, Wolfensberger & Thomas, 2015) suggest that human beings achieve greater well-being when engaged in meaningful and relevant activity, and have more growth potential than is apparent in any one person, or elicited by others.
In usual circumstances, when foreign cells (such as cells or organs from other people, or infectious bacteria) are put into a human body, its immune system will reject such cells or organs.
Medical educators sometimes teach medical students and resident physicians (doctors in training) to use pareidolia and patternicity to learn to recognize human anatomy on radiology imaging studies.
In an attempt to find out how many descendants Phelios has, and who they are, Duzell attempts to use a spell of truth on Ishtar's tutor, Yujinn, but it backfires when Yujinn manages to repel him and reveal Duzell's not human.
Along with the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) process, the Education For All (EFA) movement, and the United Nations Literacy Decade (UNLD), the DESD also aimed to achieve an improvement in the quality of life, particularly for the most deprived and marginalised, fulfillment of human rights including gender equality, poverty reduction, democracy and active citizenship.
Food sovereignty highlights that food is a fundamental human right and condemns the WTO's treatment of agricultural purely as a commodity, rather than “as a means of livelihood and nourishment for peasants and small farmers.”
Colet's commentaries on the Pauline epistles emphasized double predestination and the worthlessness of human works.
MDMA has been found in animal studies and reported in unauthorised human self-experiments to be effective in the short-term relief of side-effects of Parkinson's disease therapy, most notably levodopa-induced dyskinesia.
Lettere e scritti 1971 – 1985 was organized in Padova on Human Rights Day, with actor Andrea Pennacchi and the international "music collective" Luomodellazappa.
For the London Review of Books, Wyatt Mason wrote that although the stories were "a bright array of sad and moving and funny and fascinating human objects of undeniable, unusual value", they still might exhibit a "fundamental rhetorical failure" due to their difficulty.
The controversial response by the Punjab State reportedly involved the use of human rights violations in the form of unexplained disappearances, faked encounters killings, rape and torture.
The novel is set during the turmoil of the February and October Revolutions and the Russian Civil War, with philosophical ruminations on the nature and development of human dignity woven into the plot.Another Way / Другой Путь ' (2015).
On January 11, 2020, Iran admitted that it had shot down the Ukrainian airliner due to human error but Iran didn't close the air space because of war situation, and on January 20, Iran's Civil Aviation Organization confirmed that "two Tor-M1 missiles [...] were fired at the aircraft."
The composition of each amino acid residue is similar to its average relative composition among human proteins.
In The Borderland, a 1963 episode of the original television series The Outer Limits, an accidental four dimensional rotation of a human hand heralded the beginning of an attempt by a scientific team to enter the fourth dimension.
He labels Buddhism a learning of ‘daily decrease,’ a philosophy that points out the darker aspects of human nature and then directs us to eliminate it.
Krach led the State Department's efforts to protect American investors from unknowingly financing what he described as the People's Republic of China's  military, security, intelligence apparatus and, human rights abuses.
It is published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Society for the Study of Human Biology, of which it is the official journal.
This is how the former editor-in-chief of the only Talish-language newspaper "Tolyshi Sado", human rights activist Hilal Mammadov, was arrested and charged with drug possession.
In time, the procedures needed to repair damaged genes in the human body may be found.
Especially after Kosovo, the debate about whether human rights can be enforced through military means is ever more intense.
Furthermore, the author displays the time before 1900 as a deterministic philosophy where human behavior was attributed to outer abiding causes and was rationalized.
Human Ecology 21(2):145-166.
Track 2 contains elements from "The Human Fly" as performed by Lalo Schifrin
Stable isotopes of carbon and nitrogen in human bone reflect the chemistry of the diet, hence, they provide information on the consumption profile and the intake of different foods.
Joseph John Campbell (1904–1987), Irish American mythologist, philosopher, writer and lecturer, best known for his work in comparative mythology, religion and many aspects of the human experience
Human is composed of seven tracks, four of which had premiered on Clark's YouTube channel in the past.
He has stated: "Although my love for natural science never waned, I eventually fell in love with the mysteries of the internal world — the human mind — even more than those of the external world."
"Imagination and Mediations": Faivre believed that all esotericists place great emphasis on both the human imagination, and mediations—"such as rituals, symbolic images, mandalas, intermediary spirits"—and mantras as tools that provide access to worlds and levels of reality existing between the material world and the divine.
Human activity in Sinks Canyon goes back thousands of years.
Her curse allows her to change into a snake and back into a human, but her snake form eventually becomes permanent.
The absorbance maximum is a sharp peak 650–670 nm, so concentrated phytochrome solutions look turquoise-blue to the human eye.
1971 he became professor ordinarius for human biology at the University of Education Schwäbisch Gmünd, and 1973 he joined the Forschungsstätte der Evangelischen Studiengemeinschaft (FEST e.V.)
Australian water dragons are extremely shy in the wild, but readily adapt to continual human presence in suburban parks and gardens.
In the USA, the architectural firm Home Architects has attributed this to a human trait they call "Psychology of Construction Cost Denial", regarding the cost inflation of custom homes.
The mind-wipe is a technology designed to erase parts of sentient memory, usually human.
", "Who determines what are human rights?
The unseen enemy strikes again and again, snuffing out the lives of five scientists and two human test subjects in quick succession, as well as Major Howard, the complex's Chief of Security.
He has been involved in several associations working for human rights.
The human variety and the different characters all memorably visualized provide ample scope for portraying dramatic situations of all kinds, from the comic to the romantic.
The novelist Marghanita Laski argued that the purpose of the stories was not to teach about animals but to create human archetypes through the animal characters, with lessons of respect for authority.
Cadpig and her Cabinet (the human Cabinet's dogs) hold a meeting with Pongo and Missis to decide what to do next.
The second phase of human activity at Deception began in the early 20th century.
Inside the , full-size version of the VAE, visitors participate in an eight-minute-long virtual operation in which they fire at virtual human and vehicle targets using life-sized, recoil action air rifles from inside life-sized Blackhawk helicopters and combat vehicle simulators as members of a team in an Army mission.
Tong also received Marie Claire Women of the Year Award and the Reebok Human Rights Award.
The sequence and function of HOTAIR is different in human and mouse.
Creating cultural diversity: tropical forests transformed.In: Nature and Human Society: The Quest for a Sustainable Future.
In 2016, Zephaniah curated We Are All Human, an exhibition at the Southbank Centre presented by the Koestler Trust which exhibited art works by prisoners, detainees and ex-offenders.
The change goes as planned, but she comes to realize that it has made her not completely human, and she is gradually becoming an elf.
She is the first successful human who survives a vampire's bite with the virus/serum protocol formulated by Prof T. However, the effects are temporary.
We are ready to continue our work with the new President and with all the people of Sri Lanka in supporting the country's sovereignty through heightened good governance, expanded economic growth, the advancement of human rights and reconciliation, and in fostering an Indo-Pacific region where all countries can prosper."
Welzel presents the cool-water condition (CW condition) as the truly exogenous cause of human empowerment.
Noosphere (sometimes noösphere) is the "sphere of human thought".
While still a large and important market, at its height it supported hundreds human carriers called mecalapers, watchmen, baggers and warehousers, trades such as carpentry, tailoring and glassworking and other businesses such as restaurants, lodging, cantinas and bars specializing in pulque.
A second view of need is presented in the work of political economy professor Ian Gough, who has published on the subject of human needs in the context of social assistance provided by the welfare state.
Iain Banks, the author, joined Labour politician Tony Benn, Respect MP George Galloway, Bashir Maan, convener of the Muslim Council of Scotland and human rights lawyer Gareth Peirce, among others to argue that such a prosecution was detrimental to free speech.
Mnemiopsis Genome Project Portal at the National Human Genome Research Institute, NIH
It is also hoped that microbicides will block the transmission of HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases, such as those caused by certain human papillomaviruses (HPV) and herpes simplex viruses (HSV).
 National Institute for Vocational Training and Training for Human Development (INADEH)
This was subject to outcry from the province's trans community, including in one case a complaint filed with the Newfoundland Human Rights Commission.
 Heterophile antibodies (which include human anti-mouse antibodies (HAMA) and Rheumatoid Factor (RF)), which bind weakly to the test assay's animal antibodies, causing a higher (or less commonly lower) TSH result than the actual true TSH level.
The potential of recombinant antibodies in human and animal medicine is immense as shown even by the few selected examples.
Further research revealed a similar phenomenon of GTP and ATP specific SCSs in rat, mouse, and human tissue.
Beginning in 2007, the trek supported the Human Rights Campaign, PFLAG and the Matthew Shepard Foundation.
Middlesex's research covers a wide spectrum of subjects across its three faculties including Art and Design, Education, Human, Social and Economic Geography, Law, Music, Professional Practice, Software Engineering and Algorithms.
Graunt, along with Sir William Petty, developed early human statistical and census methods that provided a framework for modern demography.
Many researchers also focus in the area of neuroprosthesis, linking the human nervous system to bionics in order to mimic natural sensorimotor control and function.
A key question facing the post-apartheid government was how they would respond to the various human rights abuses that had been committed over the previous decades by both the state and by anti-apartheid activists.
After seven days of technical problems, the first animatronics replication of a human being was unveiled to visitors to the New York World's Fair, who watched the show "The Disneyland Story presenting Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln" at the Fair's Illinois pavilion.
In addition, each of the major characters – Orpheus, Euridice and Aristaeus – appear in three forms: as a singer who represents their human forms; as a mime, representing their heroic selves; and as a puppet, representing their myths.
Elisabeth Lønnå describes NKF by 1970 as "an almost dignified organization" that had its "origins in the Liberal Party and had a liberal platform, centered on the main idea of equality for all citizens and based on the idea of fundamental human rights".
The Solar Water Purifier, developed and manufactured by an Australian company, is a low-maintenance, low operational cost solution that is able to purify large amounts of water, even seawater, to levels better than human consumption standards set by the World Health Organization.
 Of Human Hearts (1938) as President Lincoln
Human rights reports on the Bahraini uprising of 2011
Human bioavailability of vitamin D2 from vitamin D2-enhanced button mushrooms via UV-B irradiation is effective in improving vitamin D status and not different from a vitamin D2 supplement according to study.
He presided over inquiries including an annual look at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office's Human Rights work, the UK's relations with Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, foreign policy implications of and for a separate Scotland, and the future of the EU.
UNRWA is one of the few organizations that has implemented human rights and conflict resolution training for millions of Palestine refugee children in the complex political environment of the Middle East for over 12 years.
The Museo de la Masacre de Ponce (the Ponce Massacre Museum) is a human rights museum and historic building in Ponce, Puerto Rico.
The selected sculpture depicts the abstracted form of a reclining female human figure, with recognisable arms, torso, and legs, and a disproportionately small head, with hollows representing eyes.
Because mandrakes contain deliriant hallucinogenic tropane alkaloids (atropine, scopolamine, and hyoscyamine) which cause delirium and hallucinations, and the shape of their roots often resembles human figures, they have been associated with a variety of religious and spiritual practices throughout history.
Many different studies have attempted to quantify the amount of adaptive evolution in the human genome, the vast majority using the comparative approaches outlined above.
Animal rights philosopher Tom Regan, in his 1981 paper, conceived of an environmental ethic in which "nonconscious natural objects can have value in their own right, independently of human interests".
For National Service he enlisted in the Royal Air Force and completed a DPhil in human vision at the Institute of Aviation Medicine.
Perry stated that McGhee treated killing as "some kind of perverse sport, as if he was  hunting human game."
The IRB Report endorsed the establishment and functioning of the Institutional Review Board institution, and the Belmont Report, the Commission's last report, identified "basic ethical principles" applicable to human subject experimentation that became modern guidelines for ethical medical research: "respect for persons", "beneficence" and "justice".
The Department of Finance and Human Resources oversees the day-to-day administration of the church, including personnel and fiscal issues.
Human personhood may also be seen as a work-in-progress, with the beginning being a continuum rather than a strict point in time.
If provoked, the lowland copperhead is a dangerous snake with neurotoxic venom, which can kill an adult human if correct first aid is not applied promptly.
Also, the White House removed key portions of a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report given to the U.S. Senate Environment and Public Works Committee about the dangers to human health of global warming.
Today, the stockpile operates under the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response.
The NGO Human Rights First claimed that over 90% of the light weapons currently being imported by Sudan and used in the conflict are from China.
US Congress passed the Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act which was signed into law by President Trump on 17 June 2020.
One of the arts – as an art form, painting is an outlet of human expression, that is usually influenced by culture and which in turn helps to change culture.
International human rights organizations protested the evidence against him as unsound, and Amnesty International named him a prisoner of conscience.
Both subspecies of South Asian river dolphins have been very adversely affected by human use of the river systems in the subcontinent.
The advance attack at Horsell Common was suppressed, and the four Martian war machines were defeated by human artillery, enabling the journalist to escape and give his testimony.
Because of his association with the wilder parts of the human psyche, Dionysus is closely associated with large wild felines, especially lions (hence the common presence of lion heads on lenos sarcophagi shaped like wine vats) and panthers.
In the lab, Fred tells Angel that the body housing the cyborg may have once been human.
Only two other such gases are currently known to act as signaling molecules in the human body: nitric oxide and carbon monoxide.
In early human history there have been notable instances of patricide.
To Cunningham, dance could be anything, but its foundation was in the human body— specifically beginning with walking.
The forest remains largely untouched in the less accessible areas, but around the margins it has been considerably affected by human activity.
The city is mentioned by Herodotus as one of the places where the Persian king Xerxes stayed in the summer of 480 BCE during his attack on Greece; Herodotus digresses upon a human sacrifice ritual.
The problem was solved by dithering, which did not noticeably affect the intended output, but through the natural characteristics of human hearing caused the narrow-band high frequency alias to become imperceptible.
Major in Human Resource Administration
A Neogrammarian, he taught courses on the history of the Romanian language, general linguistics, Vulgar Latin, the physiology of the human voice and the origin of the Romanians.
"Neuroactive Ring A-Reduced Metabolites of Progesterone in Human Plasma during Pregnancy: Elevated Levels of 5α-Dihydroprogesterone in Depressed Patients during the Latter Half of Pregnancy".
In 2009, he shot a short film portraying a dystopian world where everyone is plugged into iPods to the point that all human conversation has ceased.
Both disciplines complemented his art work in granting him a profound insight into human anatomy.
This type of trading attempts to leverage the speed and computational resources of computers relative to human traders.
IDA (Intelligent Distribution Agent) was developed for the US Navy to fulfill tasks performed by human resource personnel called detailers.
In 2015 Human Drama performed in Mexico City at Circo Volador for a 30th Anniversary Concert.
The least developed countries (LDCs) are a list of developing countries that, according to the United Nations, exhibit the lowest indicators of socioeconomic development, with the lowest Human Development Index ratings of all countries in the world.
The Cesanese countryside presents a poor and permeable soil made fertile by the continuous works of human reclamation and therefore now productive of any crop.
...The human being in prayer should speak to his god without any intermediary.
The award was given to recognise an outstanding contribution towards human settlement and development.
As long as this range of experience remains unconscious – in what Desoille termed '"repression of the sublime"' – the person will have a limited ability to be empathic with self or other in the more sublime aspects of human life.
Her research focusses on understanding the immune response of the host to malaria and other diseases using human data and mouse models.
In 2006, Mercer Human Resources Consulting named Moscow the world's most expensive city for expatriate employees, ahead of perennial winner Tokyo, due to the stable Russian ruble as well as increasing housing prices within the city.
AIDS, caused by the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), has become a global health issue, and various ways are being explored in order to combat the spread of the disease.
The move proved extremely profitable; instead of constant employee turnover, the best mechanics in Detroit flocked to Ford, bringing their human capital and expertise, raising productivity, and lowering training costs.
A fellow of the World Technology Council and World Academy of Art and Science, Stock's argues in favor of the positive benefits of new technology has on human life and the role it will play on our future.
The earliest evidence of human settlement in the territory of Azerbaijan dates back to the late Stone Age and is related to the Guruchay culture of Azykh Cave.
However, human males with higher level testosterone had greater activation of neural mechanisms when interacting with their own infants, this may be due to the activation of a paternal protection mechanism.
This means that the speeds at which whole genomes can be sequenced can increase at a similar rate, as was seen during the development of the Human Genome Project.
Training classes include arrest, search and seizure, use of force, criminal law, first aid/CPR, weaponry, un-armed defensive tactics, intensive physical conditioning, security concepts, human relations and professional development.
Kauffman, Louis H. (2001), "The Mathematics of Charles Sanders Peirce", Cybernetics and Human Knowing 8, 79–110.
She is good friends with the series' protagonists Finn the Human and Jake the Dog, first appearing with them in Ward's 2008 pilot.
It is the first Indian company to develop, manufacture and market recombinant human healthcare products in India.
The Palestinian Centre for Human Rights stated "This ugly act has no support by any religious group here."
The precise nature and extent of the genetic alterations that might change one of the currently circulating avian influenza strains into a human flu strain cannot be known in advance.
The young adult stage in human development precedes middle adulthood.
The subject refers to the control of the art dealer over artists, and this is represented by the depiction of four sexualised dog-like figures that are on heat and clustering around one large dominant dog human.
He finally succeeds by confronting Ramirez with the human cost of Carlos' terrorism by taking him to Bethesda Naval Hospital to see a boy who has been crippled by one of Carlos' bombs.
Some of the habitats of this fungus have been destroyed due to typical human activity associated with urban sprawl, such as the building of roads and houses or forestry.
Orend's works focus on just war theory and human rights.
Ryoo and Im Chang-jung lent their voices to the adult animated comedy Aachi & Ssipak, set in a futuristic world fueled by human feces where the government implants a microchip into each of its citizens' anuses to check their bowel movements for stable energy supply, rewarding good performance with addictive popsicles.
He was also chairperson of the National Commission for Scheduled Castes between 2013-16 and as such sat ex officio on the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by expanding agriculture and human settlements as well as logging.
Marez acknowledged that the United States has previously, and is currently, the largest supplier of military aid to many governments, including some with poor human rights records, but explained that Israel is the only country in which "civil society groups" had specifically asked the ASA to launch a boycott.
The first step was about separating all of human experience into major fields.
Biotechnology, which still doesn't solve most health and ecologic human challenges.
Always wary of intense specialization, Tobias over the years fostered an interest in the human, social, anthropological and historical sciences.
With the species existing in very limited areas with high human traffic, these turtles have become dependent upon visitors for feeding.
Psychology, Human Physiology, Living Creatures, Botany, Ethics, Religion, Politics, Rhetoric and Poetics, Music, Miscellanea [Texts 265–741].
While more research must be done in order to understand how NTDs and other diseases interact in both the vector and the human stages, safety assessments have so far produced positive results.
Louis Gardet sees the Hebraic and Arabic senses as related through the notions of retribution, debt, obligation, custom, and direction, prompting him to translate yawm al-din as "the day when God gives a direction to each human being".
It will take figs from gardens and some human food discards.
PEN America made Amer one of its "highest priority cases", arguing that he was "jailed for exercising his inalienable human right to freedom of expression".
Baruch Spinoza in On the Improvement of the Understanding (1677) contended that the one true aim of life should be to acquire "a human character much more stable than [one's] own", and to achieve this "pitch of perfection...
The human physiology of active vitamin B12 absorption from food is complex.
Construction languages include all forms of communication by which a human can specify an executable problem solution to a computer.
The show's regular "Audience Show and Tell" bit will often include an audience member performing a "Stupid Human Trick"-type act.
One human poll made up the 2017 National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) football rankings, sometimes called the NAIA Coaches' Poll or the football ratings.
In the November 1990 issue of the Journal of the American Society of CLU and ChFC, President-Emeritus of the American College of Life Underwriters, Davis W. Gregg, introduced a new continuing column ("Department") titled "Financial Gerontology" with his essay on the Human Wealth Span.
The aim of IDDC is to promote inclusive development internationally, with a special focus on promoting human rights for all disabled people living in economically poor communities in lower and middle-income countries.
The novel is renowned for offering keen insights into the meanderings of the human mind.
Offenders can be fined and sent to prison for three years, although human rights advocates note that it may be difficult to enforce the law.
Most of these species are well known to have increased in numbers following human disturbance, however.
He had allegedly been accused of conspiring against the emperor, performing human sacrifice, and predicting a plague by means of magic.
In 2016, Beasts of War ran an Infinity: Human Sphere N3 Week, featuring interviews with Carlos Llauger (Bostria) and demo games spotlighting updated rules.
 R. Siegmund-Schultze, Hilda Geiringer von Mises, Charlier Series,  "Ideology, and the human side of the emancipation of applied mathematics at the University of Berlin during the 1920s",  Historia Mathematica 20, 1993, 364–381.
Promoting human rights and fundamental freedoms, the rule of law, equality, sustainable democracy, good governance and a thriving civil society;
The heads of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime, World Health Organization, the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, and UNAIDS warned of the heightened vulnerability to COVID-19 of detainees, urging governments to take “all appropriate public health measures” to protect them.
IIIT's Policy Department seeks to identify gaps in current policies and aims to offer potential solutions for educational practices to be transformative, so that "education is a means for advancing holistic human development."
He rarely turned back to his human form, spending most of his time in alien form, skimming his patrol routes, and brutalizing criminals as quickly as he could.
 Robert C. Kolodny, is an author and specialist in human sexuality and related topics
Edelman publicly denounced racism and promoted human rights.
Today it is not uncommon for people working in their garden or remodelling a basement or shed to find human bones as a leftover from the Ingelside Cemetery days.
The National Human Rights Commission of Korea (NHRCK) was founded by the government and rule of president Kim.
MISA seeks ways in which to promote the free flow of information and co-operation between media workers, as a principal means of nurturing democracy and human rights in Africa.
Late in the history of the game, some cultures occasionally seem to have combined competitions with religious human sacrifice.
In "Paradigms of Human Memory", the study group fills in for the glee club members who died in a bus crash, though they sing a song with no real lyrics.
Angel proves himself to them by irrevocably renouncing his role in the Shanshu Prophecy, thereby giving up his chance to become human.
FCAHT's founder, Anna Rodriguez, had her first experience with a human trafficking case in 1999; U.S. vs. Tecum.
He is credited for developing a method for making human tissue translucent by drenching it in liquids with similar light refraction properties as the tissue.
In it, the fictional character Mr. Flint, an immortal human from Earth who lived under several aliases over a span of six thousand years, acquires a painting by Pollack that is prominently displayed in his castle on Holberg 917G.
In New Zealand there are no human artifacts or remains dating earlier than the Kaharoa Tephra, a layer of volcanic debris deposited by the Mount Tarawera eruption around 1314 CE.
In addition, it is largely localized to the nucleus and is highly expressed in human prostate epithelial cells as well as breast tissues.
Raphael Alejandro - Almost Human - FOX
Deities of other races were increased from twenty-four to thirty-eight, but unlike the full descriptions that were given to the human gods, these were simply listed by name.
From the Imperial Pahlavi dynasty (1925 to 1979), through the Islamic Revolution (1979), to the era of the Islamic Republic of Iran (1979 to current), government treatment of Iranian citizens' rights had been criticized by Iranians, by international human rights activists, by writers, by NGOs and the United States.
He represented Iowa's 19th district, serving as Chairman of the Ways & Means Committee and on the Rules, Transportation and Human Resources Committees.
There is evidence of human activity: artefacts include pottery, scrapers and pot boilers.
Each gram of human feces contains approximately ~100 billion () bacteria.
The High Atlas Foundation has also established partnerships with the following organizations, corporations, agencies, and government bureaus: Association Mimouna, Crédit Agricole du Maroc Foundation, FRÉ Skincare, Empowerment Institute, INDH (National Initiative for Human Development), National Endowment for Democracy (NED), and PUR Project.
A notorious professional assassin, Thane may be recruited by Shepard in the planet Illium for a "suicide mission" to stop the abduction of human colonists by a mysterious species known as the Collectors.
He preferred creating autonomous socialist groups; and was an advocate of freethought, freemasonry, and the International League for Human Rights.
The archive has a particular relevance within the university, not only because Mayz Vallenilla was its founder dean, but because he devoted a large part of his philosophical research to the understanding of the modern human being within the context of metatechnics.
 Jicarilla Apache Human Resources website
 My Other Suit Is Human                   
Human use of the kola nut, like the coffee berry and tea leaf, appears to have ancient origins.
Eco-Marxist scholar Allan Schnaiberg (below) argues against Malthusianism with the rationale that under larger capitalist economies, human degradation moved from localized, population-based degradation to organizationally caused degradation of capitalist political economies to blame.
Thailand became a member of the United Nations on 16 December 1946 and is party to a number of key human rights treaties.
This action prevented the marchers from reaching the headquarters of the national Ombudsman, where they planned to demand the resignation of Gabriela Ramirez for justifying acts of torture and other violations of human rights committed by the government of Nicolás Maduro.
Communal IP protection is regulated under the 2017 Law and Human Rights Ministerial Regulation on Communal Intellectual Property Data.
The Skylynx II is equipped with an electro-optical (EO) and infrared imaging system, and during test flights it was able to locate and track human and vehicle targets.
Neeson plays Bryan Mills, a former CIA operative who sets about tracking down his teenage daughter Kim (Grace) and her best friend Amanda (Cassidy) after the two girls are kidnapped by Albanian human traffickers while traveling in France during a vacation.
This process of storytelling is empowering as the teller effectively conveys ideas and, with practice, is able to demonstrate the potential of human accomplishment.
Farm Fields, a site near Kinloch, provides some of the earliest known evidence of human occupation in Scotland.
Within 48 hours of the ruling being made, the Law Lords and the European Court of Human Rights had ruled in favour of another convicted murderer (Anthony Anderson) who was challenging the right of politicians to decide how long a murderer must spend in prison before being considered for parole.
From 2015 onwards, the standard suspension for an adverse finding involving an unspecified substance such as steroids and human growth hormone was increased to four years.
India ratifies UN protocol against human trafficking.
 Department of Management and Human Resource
Fry was also a born letter writer, able to communicate his observations on art or human beings to his friends and family.
: Seychelles President James Michel expressed the condolences of the people of Seychelles, remarking in a statement: "The government and people of Seychelles join me in expressing our heartfelt sympathies and deepest condolences to the people of Russia and the families of the victims following this tragic loss of human life".
Plan and manage Project Human Resources
According to European Court of Human Rights judge Giovanni Bonello, "quite likely the British found the continental inquisitorial system of penal procedure used in Turkey repugnant to its own paths to criminal justice and doubted the propriety of relying on it".
According to Amann, the initial draft was "heavier on pure shock value and lighter on humor and human interest".
Wesley tells everything he knows about the demons, their reproduction through human hosts, and the destruction of the demon in Stephanie.
Peter is now President of Texas, but finds that the human colonies have been able to spread so far that this may be the last presidency.
EXALT, a new enemy faction in the form of a covert paramilitary human organization is introduced.
Article 114 of the Moroccan Family Law states, "every human being is responsible for providing for his needs by his own powers except the wife whose needs will be taken care of by her husband."
Under the Bazer administration by agreement between the Texas A&M University President Ray Bowen and The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston President Dr. David Low, the University of Texas' Institute of Molecular Medicine for Prevention of Human Disease (Hans Muller-Eberhard, Director) was established on two floors of the IBT building.
Annual Review of Genomics and Human Genetics 5:119-150.
The human chain was planned to continue for 24 hours, with the activists blocking the main Hinkley Point entrance.
By the time Antonio approached his forties in the late 1990s he had already gone through a number of transitions in search of a signature art, all within the terms of figuration, human figuration centrally.
The concept of tonalli was not only limited to human beings.
Malahat Nasibova (born March 6, 1969 in Nakhchivan City), is an Azerbaijani journalist and human rights activist who was awarded the Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize in 2009 for her "courageous and unwavering struggle for a free and independent press."
COCOM models human performance as a set of control modes—strategic (based on long-term planning), tactical (based on procedures), opportunistic (based on present context), and scrambled (random) - and proposes a model of how  transitions between these control modes occur.
"No human rights collection would be complete without this well-documented survey of an often-neglected area of international law."
Kornblith denied that this logic makes human classifications the same as mind-independent classifications: "The categories of modern science, of course, are not innate."
The use of production systems varies from simple string rewriting rules to the modeling of human cognitive processes, from term rewriting and reduction systems to expert systems.
The program promoted to make known the struggles of the Afro-Latino communities, which are less visible, and insisting that the human, civil, and cultural rights of these communities be respected and acknowledged.
The same sentence is pronounced by Asuka herself in a scene of the director's cut of the twenty-second episode, when, disgusted by human contact, she refuses to share space and her existence with Shinji or Misato.
Simon Kuznets, the developer of GNP, cautioned against using the measure as an indicator of overall welfare, which speaks to the unintended use of output-based measures as indicators of human welfare.
The planet's surface is covered with plants that produce a narcotic substance that puts any human being within proximity into a drugged stupor.
The alien starts his operation by choosing some human form, he called it sami with "Quinn" as a last name, after his favorite actor Anthony Quinn.
According to Caperna and Serafini, Biophilic architecture is characterized by the following elements: i) the naturalistic dimension; (ii) the Wholeness  of the site, that is, "the basic structure of the place"; (iii) the "geometric coherency", that is, the physical space must have such a geometrical configuration able to exalt the connections human dimension and built and natural environments.
Year-round residence of Anna's hummingbirds in the Pacific Northwest is an example of ecological release dependent on acclimation to colder winter temperatures, introduced plants, and human provision of nectar feeders during winter.
Psychologist Jonathan W. Kanter said that Hayes and colleagues "argue that empirical clinical psychology is hampered in its efforts to alleviate human suffering and present contextual behavioral science (CBS) to address the basic philosophical, theoretical and methodological shortcomings of the field.
Macgregor is rediscovering, behind the centuries-old dogmas of romantic love, another kind of connection between human beings: the rather antique term 'propinquity'.
Christopher Chen is an obstetrician and gynaecologist in Singapore who in 1986 was the first to successfully freeze a human egg which subsequently led to egg banks being started around the world.
The rate of adaptive evolution in the human genome has often been assumed to be constant over time.
These later became more and more human likes-after his move to Bali in 1997.
(2006), the researchers scanned and analyzed 220 human brains and found no sign of the lunate sulcus homologue.
Bush who saw one of the UN system's major achievements, the Human Development Report, introduced during his tenure; Mark Malloch Brown, who was previously Vice President of External Affairs at the World Bank and subsequently became UN Deputy Secretary General.
According to him, blacks were known as the "original" human beings, with "evil" whites being an offshoot race that would go on to oppress black people for 6,000 years.
This campaign innovated by using Facebook's Organization Pages, configured with human names and photos, to add apparent support and to lure unaware readers.
In 2015, China's leading AI company, Baidu, created AI software capable of surpassing human levels of language recognition, almost a year in advance of Microsoft, the nearest U.S. competitor.
The maiden who happened to catch Hyperion's affection stands for the narrow fold, the human, historical, ontological conspiracy, downright puny when confronted with the nocturnal body's destiny".
The capitals are a compendium of classical motifs (volutes, cornucopias, grooves) several figurines (putti, sirens, bird bodies with human faces) and other elements of the animal and plant world.
In modern-day terms, this practice is more widely referred to as human trafficking.
Human development has partly helped the broad-billed tody in some ways, the building of ditches and trail sides having created the embankments that the todies seem to prefer to dig their burrows, as well as the growth of coffee plantations grown under canopies providing more shelter and food for the broad-billed tody.
Orthologs of the human protein C17orf53 are listed in a descending order based on date of divergence and percent sequence identity.
And what is, of course, most deplorable is (the) tragic toll in human lives of this inexcusable action.
The Spirit shows Donald how the golden rectangle and pentagram are related to the human body and nature, respectively.
In close collaboration with Alessandro Sette, Crotty published the first detailed analysis  of the human immune response to SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, and later confirmed that the adaptive immune response is lasting.
Spillage results in costs due to lost production volume, excessive scrap, delayed delivery of product, and wastage of human and capital equipment resources.
This island is mostly a dead island, with very few human visitors.
Kayla Mueller - human rights activist and aid worker killed in Syria
Courts in Victoria and the ACT are also directed by the legislation to interpret the law in a way to give effect to a human right, and new legislation and subordinate legislation must be accompanied by a statement of compatibility.
Furthermore, a group of a few closely associated experts cannot incestuously validate one another as a means of establishing the reliability of their shared theories…Each of JONAH’s experts proffers the opinion that homosexuality either is a disorder or is not a normal variation of human sexuality.
He possesses knowledge in ancient martial arts techniques, near-forgotten pressure points on a human body, recipes for alchemical concoctions with various effects, and knowledge of many Chinese and Japanese magical artifacts.
Human Rights: Opposing Viewpoints (2004) edited by Laura K. Egendorf (, )
 Human Rights, Peace and Conflict Resolution Sub-Committee
X-ray experiments have been made during his exhibition without a plausible explanation forthcoming that satisfies the critical, in fact, the profession of surgery has thrown up its hands in amazement over this human ostrich."
Beginning in 1946, Frank also began teaching a regular course on legal fact-finding at Yale Law School which "emphasized the parts that human fallibility and partisanship play in the trial court processes".
The American folk artist Gordon Bok wrote "Peter Kagan and the Wind", a cantefable (in which spoken narrative is blended with sudden song-phrasings) about the fisherman Cagan who married a selkie, and how his selkie wife saved him from a terrible storm, even though this meant she could never return to her human body and hence her happy home.
mathematical model for human mass distribution, center of mass, moments of inertia, and body movement.
Thanks to this the three of them can rebuild the human universe exactly as it was.
"I think he reflects a philosophy of misery" because of his efforts to cut allocations for human services, fellow Councilman David S. Cunningham, Jr. said.
The castle hill saw human settlement and fortification efforts even before the construction of the medieval castle.
The development of autonomous robots capable of constructing intricate structures without human assistance has been inspired by the complex mounds that termites build.
Global Environmental Change: Human and Policy Dimensions 11: 5–13.
Sorenson, a University of Toronto Scarborough professor of Human Geography, had recently published a paper on this topic.
Levels of p53 play an important role in the maintenance of stem cells throughout development and the rest of human life.
McNair is captured by a vampire named Herrick and is forced to take part in a "Dog Fight", a fight between a werewolf and a human, which is watched by vampires.
She is the author of Book Review:  The Philosophical Foundations of Environmental Law: Property, Rights and Nature, and Ecological Sensitivity and Global Legal Pluralism, forthcoming in SOCIAL AND LEGAL STUDIES, London;  Global Warming: An International Human Rights Violation?
The scenes of human death, which were shot in a manner that resembled an observational documentary, became influential in exploitation cinema, as several subsequent films would use similar filming techniques to lend certain scenes a sense of increased realism.
Pashtun migrants opted for the British Trucial States, where the British used their subjects as valuable human resource in running the administration.
Non-dispensationalist Evangelicals: For them dispensationalism is a doctrine developed especially by Cyrus Scofield, human, not even mentioned in the Bible and therefore without any divine inspiration or foundation.
Witherspoon, in accordance with the Scottish moral sense philosophy, taught that all human beings, Christian or otherwise, could be virtuous, but he was nonetheless committed to Christianity as the only route to personal salvation.
Upon reaching maturity, some of the Shifters venture outward to live among normal human society, while others work as forest guides, deterring outsiders from the compound.
The spacing of the bar grid is crucial to allow access of small animals, such as bats, but restricting human entry.
The Vanity of Human Wishes''.
 Arkansas Department of Human Services v. Ahlborn, 2006 U.S. Supreme Court case
Attended several human rights training workshops.
Luchetti's books generally have Western themes but she also writes about cooking, human affairs, and animals.
The character Miss Marple, for instance, dealt with an estimated two murders a year; De Andrea has described Marple's home town, the quiet little village of St. Mary Mead, as having "put on a pageant of human depravity rivaled only by that of Sodom and Gomorrah".
David Heaps, chairman of the board of Human Rights Internet, convinced Mobutu to let Lihau leave the country.
However, in the 2019 Human Development Index the percentage of women holding seats in the national parliament saw a decrease down to 21.2% There have been many international conventions and affirmative actions measures signed with the intention of creating more political representation for women, but that has not happened.
The resolution of adoption targets the prevention of the modern slavery epidemic in the form of human trafficking, which includes forcing children to engage in labor and combat.
 College of Applied Human Ecology
Romantic musical theater, which flings the human into sublime state, affected the impressionable boy’s identity, defining the personality of the characters of his future works.
They have continued to complain (in private due to fear of attacks) that they remain subject to harassment and human rights violations and therefore have to hide their identity.
Human rights organizations criticized the Premier League for allowing PIF to purchase a Premier League club.
A survey by the FSSAI in 2019 found that 93% of the milk samples tested were safe for human consumption, but nearly 41% of the samples fell short of some safety parameter.
That same year, while working in the Sierra de Tamaulipas, Mexico, MacNeish discovered primitive teosinte corncobs in context with human habitations dating back several thousand years.
A Treastise of Human Nature.
Harel is active in a number of peace and human rights organizations in Israel.
While the systems developed to profile behavior along ethnic and religious lines have proved functional, they are also, Whitaker asserts, intrinsically discriminatory and repugnant to human rights.
Although Cynic were associated with the Florida death metal scene, Focus represented a significant departure musically from Death's Human and the early Cynic demo-tapes.
Human Rights Watch and The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom expressed concern and disapproval at the law's passing.
He later wrote the novel Iceberg (Virgin, 1993) for the Virgin New Adventures range of Doctor Who spin-off novels, which was set in 2006, when an inversion of the Earth's magnetic field is threatening to destroy human civilization, and featured the Cybermen and the investigative journalist Ruby Duvall.
The exemplary species used in the table below for their respective rRNAs are the bacterium Escherichia coli (prokaryote) and human (eukaryote).
He states that it is a notion that can interpret the enormous expansion and complexification of the physical universe (from the Big Bang outward), as well as the evolution of life here on earth and the gradual emergence of human historical existence.
Quaid has written extensively on human resources and recently completed her latest work, entitled: Workfare: Why Good Social Policy Ideas Go Bad.
Strategic Management and International Human Resources
Three human polls and one formula ranking make up the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS (Football Bowl Subdivision) football rankings, in addition to various publications' preseason polls.
For example, the policies of China, Republic of Korea, Singapore and Malaysia promote lifelong learning in a human resource development (HRD) perspective.
In addition, they reject double predestination, the idea that would "make everything the work of an all-powerful divine grace which arbitrarily selected some to be saved and some to be damned, so that we human beings had no freedom of choice about our eternal fate".
In 2003, Young founded the Andrew Young Foundation, an organization meant to support and promote education, health, leadership and human rights in the United States, Africa and the Caribbean.
The four immediate needs of twelve crores suppresses human beings in India : resolutions passed unanimously
They are threatened by various human activities.
The stated mission of DPR is "to protect human health and the environment by regulating pesticide sales and use, and by fostering reduced-risk pest management."
Brown writes that while slavery's evil "is so morally clear and so widely acknowledged", and that it is the "Hitler of human practices", he also wishes to challenge the current understanding of slavery.
In the sense of weakening hurricanes to reduce their destructiveness, Project Stormfury was a complete failure because it did not distinguish between natural phenomena in tropical cyclones and the impact of human intervention.
Star-themed androids that are able to speak human languages (including Japanese).
He failed to discover any lack of versatility in her work, and those who study her works as a whole, will note that there is hardly a moral idea, a practical point in ethics, or an emotion of the human heart, which has not been the subject of her pen, touched upon at least, with more or less freedom.
Aboard the Enterprise, Picard comments on Data's performance at a classical concert before his mission with the human colonists.
In 1761 two Roman urns containing human remains were unearthed and in 1828 gold coins including a rare rose noble from the time of Edward I were found.
Another individual who also explores ideas of the human body acting as a conceptual border is Sama Alshaibi.
Other initiatives included: the Human Resources Development Project (1981); the Japan-ASEAN Research Cooperation Fund (1982) promoting intra-ASEAN area studies and Japan-ASEAN academic exchange; the ASEAN Japan Friendship Program for the 21st Century (1983) promoting students trips and exchanges.
By combining the knowledge attained from the three previous characteristics, it mean that we should know how to be flexible when applying this knowledge to reality and take action where change is necessary and suitable for society, and human civilization.
According to legend, after the vampire killed her, she comes back in human form every year on the day she was killed to slay male vampires who seduce mortal women.
The Human Rights Protection Party retained its seats in Anoamaa East (new MP: Alo Fulifuli Taveuveu), Aleipata Itupa I Luga (Fagaaivalu Kenrick Samu) and Satupaitea (Lautafi Fio Selafi Purcell), and won the seat of Vaisigano No.1 from the Tautua Samoa Party, with the election of Tufuga Gafoleata Faitua.
With population growth rates falling, while yields continue to rise, the area devoted to wheat may now begin to decline for the first time in modern human history.
The device is intended to show that human "knowledge" of, or acquaintance with, anything is partial—not total.
(2005) Structure and ESCRT-III protein interactions of the MIT domain of human VPS4A.
For here sexual pleasure is sought outside of "the sexual relationship which is demanded by the moral order and in which the total meaning of mutual self-giving and human procreation in the context of true love is achieved."
At times, the game presents the player with an opportunity to rescue a human who is being attacked by one or multiple dinosaurs.
A subsequent book, entitled Reflections on Human Folly, was published in paperback in 2016 thanks to a successful Kickstarter campaign that raised $12,038.
Through his real-life experiences, he will realize that being human isn't just about having flesh and blood, but more importantly, it is about being part of a family, building friendships, and loving unconditionally.
7586 as: "relatively large areas not materially altered by human activity where extractive resource uses are not allowed and maintained to protect outstanding natural and scenic areas of national or international significance for scientific, educational and recreational use."
For a relic to be considered a Precious, it must be physically or technologically superior to any current human (or SGS-related) technology.
MacAdam ellipse, the region of chromaticity representing just noticeable differences to the human eye.
Although Mankind Divided topped gaming sales charts during its week of release in the United Kingdom, the game had a weaker debut than Human Revolution because of a lower install base on consoles than its predecessor.
Prior to this role, she has worked as a human rights lawyer in Africa, the Caribbean and Latin America.
She attended PS 110-The Monitor in Brooklyn and the High School for Health Professions and Human Services, but did not pursue a career in the medical field because of her musical endeavors.
He is also able to use energy blasts, possibly ki, that can disintegrate human bodies, however Riki-Oh's hexagram scarred hand can deflect these blasts.
The book describes that during the social transitional period from autarchy to democracy, the real-life normality is that common people's human rights are trampled by polity.
It offers hands-on activities for students to learn about natural coastal, marine and reef environments of the area and to understand human use of these areas.
(1976) A Place of Power:  The American Episode in Human Evolution.
Both samples showed higher concentrations of human chorionic gonadotrophin (HCG) than permitted.
The word has a long history of use in psychology and philosophy, dating back to ancient times, and represents one of the fundamental concepts for understanding human nature from a scientific point of view.
She also contributed to several parliamentary inquiries and was a consultant to the 1974 Royal Commission into Human Relationships.
Every time she violates a taboo, a human life is required - first in the form of accidental deaths of her loved ones, then by outright murder and cannibalism.
 Anatomically modern human in Southeast Asia
A year later Fuhlrott published a Treatise on Human remains from a rock grotto of the Düssel valley in the team sheet of the Natural History Society of the Prussian Rhineland and Westphalen.
A 2014 study indicates that lopinavir is effective against the human papilloma virus (HPV).
Krishna was such an embodiment and usually bore a human form.
), Monte Carlo–based predictions of failure, cost overruns and schedule overruns are routinely better than human intuition or alternative "soft" methods.
According to Human Rights Watch: women have been the targets of sustained, frequently brutal violence committed by both parties to the armed conflict often for the purpose of punishing or dominating those believed to be sympathetic to the opposing side.
The Malamatiyyas interpret these passages to mean that nafs is the source of all human evil like lust, desire, fear, anger, doubt, idolatry and forgetfulness.
This latency is used in measuring the response time of the ACT model, to compare it to human performance.
In 1963, James Hardy, who had carried out the first human lung allotransplant,  visited Reemtsma and was impressed by the outcome of the chimpanzee kidney transplantations.
When the IAS project ended in 1956, he joined Bell Laboratories where he worked on human perception, computer vision and graphics.
Scenes in The Glass Bees such as the discovery of the severed ears prompt reflection on the fragmenting effect of modern technologies, which serve to undermine nature, experience, and the human body as organic, meaningful integral totalities.
Apart from his regimental staff duties, he served twice in the Army Headquarters, Military Secretary's Branch, working on the human resource management of the officers in Bangladesh Army.
In March 2013 the United Nations Human Rights Council passed a resolution which, amongst other things, welcomed the decision to hold the election in September 2013.
It was introduced because of 1 September Civil Human Rights Front in response to strong public dissatisfaction with the NPCSC stimulate political reform in Hong Kong 2016,2017 resolution, initiated a "power to the people, the implementation of universal suffrage" Yellow Ribbon action.
Its exports have included human slaves (shipped to the Mascarene Islands and the United States in the 1700s), live cattle (exported to Réunion for almost 300 years), sisal, natural rubber, rosy periwinkle, graphite, uranothorianite, lobster, sapphires, and ilmenite.
The first Player's Handbook includes eight classes: cleric, fighter, paladin, ranger, rogue, warlock, warlord, and wizard, and eight races: dragonborn, dwarf, eladrin, elf, human, half-elf, halfling, and tiefling.
Beside the cover slabs of the serpentine shaped layout, further small pits used for the deposition of human bones have been unearthed.
They tend to derive morality, ethics, religious laws, or a preferred lifestyle from their ideas about the cosmos and human nature.
Regarding the first inter-Korean summit, the Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to Kim Dae-Jung for his work for democracy and human rights in North and South Korea in East Asia in general.
According to Human Rights Watch, the War on Drugs caused soaring arrest rates that disproportionately targeted African Americans due to various factors.
Future releases by the band would be made under the names Human Audio Sponge and HASYMO.
The satyr is given human legs, but is exceptionally hairy.
The structural differential is a physical chart or three-dimensional model illustrating the abstracting processes of the human nervous system.
In 2001, Boyer received her PhD in Human Geography at McGill University.
 (I) Introduced - a species introduced to Madeira as a consequence, direct or indirect, of human actions
Designs include Hindu gods, human forms, animals, flowers and vehicles.
Visibility is a term which generally predicts the ability of some human or instrument to detect an object in the given environment, and may be expressed as a measure of the distance at which an object or light can be discerned.
There are purified, human derived, as well as recombinant forms of antithrombin III available in the US.
It relies on predation, parasitism, herbivory, or other natural mechanisms, but typically also involves an active human management role.
South Africans living with albinism are among the most vulnerable in the country and there is hardly a serious attempt to protect these citizens from human rights violations, violent crimes, and threats.
Researchers have found that while human vision is binocular, bird vision is much less so.
Since 2016, the Jörg Wolff Foundation in Germany, has awarded annually the Arnold Rikli Prize, endowed with 10,000 euros, for photobiological research in relation to the human organism; the award is under the patronage of the European Society for Photobiology (ESP).
7-United Nations, The United Nations and Human Rights (New York: United Nations, 1984), pp.
Todd Buonopane as Jeffrey Weinerslaw, an employee in GE's human resources department.
Although the human selective agents might be conscious of their impact on the local weed gene pool, such effects go against the goals of those growing crops.
The Council stressed the need for co-operation between UNTAET, INTERFET and the local population with a view to the establishment of an independent human rights institution among others.
The campus is surrounded mostly agriculture land with little human population.
He was made the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the human rights to safe drinking water and sanitation in October 2020.
The novel The Story of B by Daniel Quinn includes an interpretation of the painting as an expression of late Paleolithic animism, a symbol for the human sense of identity with other animal life.
On April 13, 2016, University of Colorado Boulder Provost Russell L. Moore announced the appointment of James (Jim) Anaya, Regents' Professor and James J. Lenoir Professor of Human Rights Law and Policy at the University of Arizona, as dean of the University of Colorado  Boulder Law School.
Usually, polytheistic Gods manifested human personalities, strengths and failings.
In 2011, she delivered the Tanner Lectures on Human Values at Yale University, "The Ancient Quarrel: Philosophy and Literature".
These things just happen, it's human nature.
Inter-American Court for Human Rights (ser.
 Division of Human Resources and coordination of territorial offices
Beginning with the Fourth Symphony, the symphony served as a human document—dramatic, autobiographical, concerned not with everyday things but with things psychological.
The human genome has significantly more segmental duplications (nearly identical, repeated sections of DNA) than had been previously suspected.
In the 1980s he was involved in incidents of political violence, and he has been held responsible for violating the human rights of his employees.
Community health centers are funded by the Bureau of Primary Health Care, U.S. Public Health Service, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, via grant money and are located in designated medically underserved areas.
Angered that he's no longer revered, Hecaitmox plans to destroy the human race and conquer the world.
Talking animals endowed with human qualities have now become a staple of modern fantasy.
Assisted Human Reproduction Canada was established as a Departmental Corporation (Schedule II under the Financial Administration Act) and reported to Parliament through the Minister of Health.
"The Killing Joke is a story about Batman and the Joker; it isn't about anything that you're ever going to encounter in real life, because Batman and the Joker are not like any human beings that have ever lived.
When the Punisher, aided by Doctor Strange's spirit, inadvertently kills Kitty Pryde, Wolverine kills him, but also recovers his human side and, with the aid of Strange, puts an end to all vampires in New York, including himself, by reciting the Montesi Formula.
And he has also authored another new book titled Who Cares About Human Rights?
Human activities that alter the water cycle include:
When she first descended to the Human Realm to repay her life-saving debt to Dong Hua, Feng Jiu was known as Consort Chen, a small concubine in the harem.
Less Than Human - 9 August 2005
Adi Parva has verses with a story of a river fish swallowing a man's semen and giving birth to a human baby after 9 months and many other myths and fictional tales.
Each branch is divided into four distinct departments: Human Resources, Event Management, Public Relations, and Marketing.
Groups such as Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have protested the sentences, the latter naming the imprisoned union members to be prisoners of conscience.
In 2014, he reported a method using human pluripotent stem cells to generate virtually unlimited quantities of functional insulin-producing beta cells that respond appropriately to a glucose challenge.
Other important Neolithic sites in the country include Bukit Gua Harimau, Gua Badak, Gua Pondok, and Padang Rengas, containing evidence of human presence in the Mesolithic Hoabinhian era.
This case has attracted international attention, alongside attention to more local cases, with author Neil Gaiman commenting on it: "I suspect the Judge might have just inadvertently granted human rights to cartoon characters.
The modern druids' request for the reburial of ancient human remains in the British Isles raised much debate.
The spacecraft was based on the Zenit reconnaissance satellite and launches began in 1973 with primary emphasis on the problems of radiation effects on human beings.
The party presents itself as a free political party created by Moldovan citizens, advocating sustainable development, inter-ethnic cohesion, democracy, environmental preservation and respect for human rights, using the naturalistic and cultural models.
In general, awarding of the Ph.D. requires an original contribution to human knowledge.
Requisite organization (RO) is a term and methodology developed by Elliott Jaques and Kathryn Cason as a result of the research in stratified systems theory, general theory of bureaucracy, work complexity and human capability over 60 years.
The charity promotes positive, voluntary measures to achieve a sustainable human population size that enables everyone to have a decent quality of life while safeguarding our natural environment.
control of movement of a physical object using energy emanating from a human brain.
Gulalai Ismail, human rights activist and founder of Aware Girls stated, "rape is a rampant issue in Pakistan […] movies like Verna are crucial in moving society forward."
According to him, Of Human Feelings was the first jazz album to be digitally recorded in the United States.
It aims to do this by targeting human and social welfare programs, specifically education and training, health, environment, housing and urbanisation, children and social development, and youth and sports.
They are usually highly structured; automated or human supported; based on effective face-to-face treatment; personalized to the user; interactive; enhanced by graphics, animations, audio, and possibly video; and tailored to provide follow-up and feedback.
The government of Indonesia invests large resources to the development of all aspects of life in Papua and West Papua, including promotions of human rights.
He writes that one of the greatest challenges to the human intellect has been to explain "how the complex, improbable design in the universe arises", and suggests that there are two competing explanations:
Rereplication is believed to lead to genomic instability and has been implicated in the pathologies of a variety of human cancers.
The first issue of Shadow of a Wanted Man was reviewed by Monkeys Fighting Robots and Multiversity Comics, the latter of which rated it a 9.4/10 and wrote that it was "A satisfying gritty neo-Western that sets the lawless, brutal, and nasty human condition against the backdrop of a hauntingly desolate and beautiful desert town."
However, the Controlled Substances Act gives the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), as successor agency of the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, great power over rescheduling decisions.
FIRST PHASE: During the first phase, students were exposed to the basic medical sciences: Human anatomy, physiology and biochemistry.
In 1973 the laboratory operation headed by Collins was transferred to the operational control of the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and the research emphasis changed from monkey malarial parasites in monkeys to human malarial parasites in monkeys.
Although the RT structures from human, murine and avian retroviruses display different subunits, the relative sizes, orientation and connection of the DNA polymerase and RNase H domains are strikingly similar.
Early human jawbone found in proximity to flint tools at Moulin Quignon in France by Jacques Boucher de Crèvecœur de Perthes, subsequently considered a hoax perpetrated by one of his diggers.
Because of different physicochemical properties, not all congeners of dioxin-like compounds find their routes to human beings equally well.
From the early 1970s until the late 1980s, Ramachandran's work focused almost exclusively on human visual processing, especially on stereopsis.
Sex worker activists and organizations believe the issue of sex worker human rights is of greatest importance, including those related to freedom of speech, travel, immigration, work, marriage, parenthood, insurance, health insurance, and housing.
Human remains were found near the abbey in the 1970s.
 "Ecology in Human Evolution: Origins of the Species and of Complex Societies".
This trial was especially significant, being the first use of power from an engine for human transportation anywhere in the World.
In 1958 the leader of OPC, Andimba Toivo ya Toivo, send a petition to the United Nations through Mburumba Kerina and Michael Scott,  who were based in the United States, complaining about the human rights abuses of the contract labour system and the unlawful occupation of South West Africa by the apartheid government of South Africa.
In 2011 he contributed to the book Oceans and Human Health: Risks and Remedies from the Seas, writing about the "Exposure and effects of seafood-borne contaminants in maritime populations".
Lummaa has found evidence that elephant grandmothers help care for calves in a role similar to that of human grandmothers.
She is also made to look like a modern human.
This, Socrates argues, is reason itself - not only human reason, but the greater reason of nature itself.
It reveals to Anand that it will allow itself to be used only after all human solutions have been exhausted.
Numerous new hantaviruses have been detected by RT-PCR in rodent tissues but have yet to be associated with human disease.
SSSA completed an assessment of the grand challenges facing the soil science discipline in 2011, identifying the most critical future research needs in soil science: climate change; food and energy security; waste treatment and water quality; and human and ecosystem health.
Lundgren said of the film, "This time I'm up against virus-infected human zombies, 'Eaters' as we call them.
Human and yeast glutathione synthetases are homodimers, meaning they are composed of two identical subunits of itself non-covalently bound to each other.
Another way of thinking about the relationship between human beings and the objects that exist in the world is modern science.
She claims that she has an Axis II personality disorder, making her unable to feel and/or express common human emotions like fear or sadness.
She said that violence against women "is acknowledged as a pervasive and widespread human rights violation" and that "no single country can claim that there is progressive elimination occurring".
Since the early 1980s, she has contributed to the evolution of international legal norms in the fields of economic sanctions, use of weaponry, environment as a human right, sexual slavery, and the rights of disabled persons.
Fundamental reason for the denunciations, consisted in the lack of acknowledgement of the human dignity of the Indians.
There have been widespread reports of Iranian mistreatment of Afghan migrants and their human rights, and the community is very marginalized.
Traditional Chinese medicines derived from the human body
ABCB5 has been suggested to regulate skin progenitor cell fusion and mediate chemotherapeutic drug resistance in stem-like tumor cell subpopulations in human malignant melanoma, colorectal cancer, and malignant pleural mesothelioma.
It is through this forced labor program that mining companies run the most direct risk of involvement in the Eritrean government's human rights violations.
The low risk, high reward dynamic has created a breeding ground for the human trafficking transactions to thrive.
Copa América organizers released the following statement via Twitter:This evening during the pre-match ceremony, due to human error, we inadvertently played the incorrect National Anthem [sic].
The success of the program leaves Erskine wondering about replicating the experiment on other human beings.
After punishing Radiguet to live as a human for his treachery, Juuza resumes her attack as the Jetmen battle her before Gai succumbs to Juuza's spell and dies.
The library is listed in the Directory of History of Medicine Collections, United States Department of Health and Human Services, National Library of Medicine, NIH.
Considering 13-MTD's effective apoptosis of certain human cancer cells and the low toxicity levels it presents, the medical implications of 13-MTD will continue to be studied and developed.
 For presence, in it self (see Human outpost space basing)
Kakai Kissinger, human rights lawyer and activist.
Furthermore, in 2013 three women were named as deputy chairpersons of three committees: Thurayya Obeid was named deputy chairwoman of the human rights and petitions committee, Zainab Abu Talib, deputy chairwoman of the information and cultural committee, and Lubna Al Ansari, deputy chairwoman of the health affairs and environment committee.
After uptake in human cells, iron storage is precisely regulated.
Critics argue that a room-sized computer – like the case of Watson – is not a viable alternative to a three-pound human brain.
By staging hunger strikes and holding multiple protests in Guatemala and the United States, Harbury and GHRC members raised attention to human rights abuses in Guatemala.
 Kratter, F., letters over itzigen condition of Galicia a contribution to the Staatistik and knowledge of human nature, publishing house G. Ph.
Of his notable descendants one can name Dr Uday Dokras, international author of Human Resource books, who is his grandson.
Meanwhile lawyers at Memorial submitted an appeal on his behalf to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg.
Yet, also thematic throughout The Green Room is a familiar "estrangement from human contact and romantic obsession", which has been prominent in "most of the films that Truffaut has made over a period of twenty years."
Aplomado falcons were once widespread in the American Southwest but habitat changes, pesticides and human persecution restricted their range to a few areas in Mexico by the 1950s.
The project had as its aim a wider recognition of a human body and appreciation for its diversity.
 Promote the human rights of disabled people
However, Yuka was told her mother fell in love with a human (Jūzō) and left everyone; including her own daughter.
She later worked as  the associate director for sustainable security and peace-building at the Center for American Progress and deputy Washington director of Human Rights Watch.
Though there are some that still cite the trackways as evidence against the geological time scale, the general consensus is that all of the human tracks were either fake or interpreted incorrectly.
 Academic Pedagogical Institute of Human Sciences 
Improved border management should lead to easier and faster crossing of borders both for persons and goods, while at the same time ensuring better control of transnational crime, illegal migration and the trafficking of human beings .
It depicts the evolution of the worm into the human – in this case, the English gentleman – as a means of ridiculing Darwin's theory.]]
These monuments often contained human remains interred within their chambers, and as a result, are often interpreted as tombs, although there are some examples where this appears not to be the case.
Ratner was the President of the European Center for Constitutional and Human Rights in Berlin.
 Martha E. Rogers: Major figure in Nursing theory, created the Science of Unitary Human Beings
Below the waist, though, it was the worst; for here all human resemblance left off and sheer phantasy began.
The Institute for Justice & Democracy in Haiti (IJDH) is a non-profit organization based in Boston, Massachusetts, USA that seeks to accompany the people of Haiti in their non-violent struggle for the consolidation of constitutional democracy, justice and human rights.
Chester Morton as The Human Pin Cushion
Concerns about The Barrier's instability due to volcanic, tectonic or heavy rainfall activity prompted the provincial government to declare the area immediately below it unsafe for human habitation in 1980.
He has engineered some of the top genre-defining death metal albums such as Death's Human, Massacre's From Beyond, Obituary's Slowly We Rot, and Assück's Misery Index.
While human rights organizations emphasized the marginalization of the indigenous population, Riordan Roett (adviser to the Emerging Markets Group of the Chase Manhattan Bank) stated in January 1995:
While working at the Daily News, Kinkead won the Seprod Human Interest Photograph Award in 1973.
Traces of human settlements on Saipan have been found by archaeologists ranging over 4,000 years, including ancient Latte Stones, and other artifacts pointing to cultural affinities with Melanesia and with similar stone monuments in Micronesia and Palau.
They are joined by Barani, now human, who has appointed himself as Sinbad's cabin boy.
Her textbook The Wonderful Human Voice: Fundamentals of Sound Use and Speech Technique, Evaluation, Measurement and Development has been used for university teaching in Finnish speech therapy and vocology since 1999.
In a landmark first for human rights, after designating Vietnam a CPC, Ambassador John Hanford (appointed by George W. Bush as IRF Ambassador from 2002 to 2009) secured a Binding Agreement under IRFA with Vietnam.
The Quran, the Islamic holy book, does not explicitly prohibit the depiction of human figures; it merely condemns idolatry (e.g.
After becoming Secretary General of the Anglican Consultative Council, Idowu-Fearon said, "My prayer to God is very simple, that I would be able to be a bridge builder; to create the culture of respect for differences, a culture of accepting people as human beings and loving them for who they are in Christ.
The Heart Truth—is a national awareness campaign for women about heart disease sponsored by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, part of the National Institutes of Health, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Kozakiewicz has worked with television network Investigation Discovery (ID) to educate the public on, and effect change for, issues such as Internet safety, missing people, human trafficking, and child safety awareness education.
The Human Body (Puffin Picture Book.
Shocked that he just killed a human being, Prem runs home and throws up.
In 2015, Hann became the associate director for extramural research at the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD).
To make the experience as realistic as possible, each classroom is divided into different sections that represent the different departments of a business such as reception, purchasing, human resources, operations and marketing.
In an automatic switching system, the information-transfer transaction is performed without human intervention, except for initiation of the access phase and the disengagement phase by a user.
Aids Research and Human Retroviruses 35 (7) Published Online: 26 June 2019 doi:10.1089/aid.2018.0242
Nana's career as a human rights advocate spanned numerous
Moves to produce prescriptions for adjusting human culture to ecological realities were also afoot in North America.
Newtype USA stated that they were "excited by the premise of the show, which features complex drama surrounding the strikingly beautiful crime investigator Re-l Mayer, and an intricate sci-fi setting, incorporating robots, living in human society and a grotesque array of unique monsters".
Specializing in areas including health and safety in mining, human rights, traceability and transparency, economic empowerment among miners, mercury abatement, child labor reduction, mineral certification and ethical sourcing, it helps communities gain lasting benefit from natural resources by using them more sustainably.
The environment of California describes results of human habitation of the American State of California.
From a distance, the sculpture looks like a tree but a closer inspection reveals 500 human figures.
Prior to this, the APPG was chaired by Kit Malthouse MP who called the campaign "the great human rights campaign of our political generation".
On 2 June 2013, Cebu Pacific Flight 971, an Airbus A320-200 registered as RP-C3266 and carrying 165 passengers inbound from Manila, ran off the runway at Francisco Bangoy International Airport and investigators have found the cause was likely human error.
Maddi Black as Candy / Human centipede No.
Kande is currently investigating SCYX-7158 (acoziborole) as a single-dose treatment for Human African Trypanosomiasis (HAT) in a clinical trial sponsored by the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative.
The metatarsal bones of feet and paws are tightly grouped compared to, most notably, the human hand where the thumb metacarpal diverges from the rest of the metacarpus.
Malaysia is a transit country along with Indonesia, Philippines and Thailand in Chinese human trafficking.
Neuroendocrine cells are present in all regions of the human prostate, most notably around the ducts, but also in the acinar epithelium and prostatic urothelium; there is a significant inter-individual variability.
He stresses the importance of combining rationality and reason with human properties such as emotion and spirituality in applied peace work.
It also helped organize the first meetings of Committee of Relatives of the Disappeared and Detained Prisoners for Political Reasons and the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo in the Argentine League for Human Rights.
In contrast, a flint worked by a human found in 1968 at Mell, Drogheda, that is much older, probably well pre-dating 70,000 BC, is normally regarded as having been carried to Ireland on an ice sheet, probably from what is now the bottom of the Irish Sea.
The MTV Europe Foundation was established in 2003 by MTV Networks Europe to expand its commitment to social issues and human rights.
The Human Development Index is calculated using the indicators of life expectancy, adult literacy, school enrollment, and logarithmic transformations of per-capita income.
Increased autoantibody titer against human calreticulin is found in infants with complete congenital heart block of both the IgG and IgM classes.
In 1987, Geffen Records released Scream: The Compilation, a collection of bands that had become staples at the club, including Jane's Addiction, Human Drama, and Kommunity FK.
The goal of a human wave attack is to maneuver as many men as possible into close range, hoping that the shock from a large mass of attackers engaged in melee combat would force the enemy to disintegrate or fall back.
Pegasus was discovered in August 2016 after a failed installation attempt on the iPhone of a human rights activist led to an investigation revealing details about the spyware, its abilities, and the security vulnerabilities it exploited.
However, it is part of the Human Rights council.
Korotayev succeeds in placing these two complementary approaches in context and showing their linkages in terms of how subjective and religious factors play out in human history alongside objective factors such as demography and ecology, each informing the other.
Insulin receptor substrate (IRS) is an important ligand in the insulin response of human cells.
For example, with a human face, it is a common observation that among all faces the region of the eyes is darker than the region of the cheeks.
Each form has its own gameplay mechanics tied to it: the wolf form is used for exploration, tracking, spying, and stealth, as well as being able to pass through narrow passages; the human form is used for interactions, such as using machines and conversing with people; and the werewolf form is used for combat.
According to writer and researcher Mudar Zahran, a Jordanian of Palestinian heritage, the media chose to deliberately ignore the conditions of the Palestinians living in Lebanese refugee camps, and that the "tendency to blame Israel for everything" has provided Arab leaders with an excuse to deliberately ignore the human rights of the Palestinian in their countries.
Better enabling us to see the changes and continuations of actions and structures that shape human agency throughout our societies.
In 1997, Machel was honored with the Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II for her contributions and services in the field of human rights protection.
Even today, research of English at the University of Helsinki is influenced by Tauno Mustanoja's view of language as an evolving means of human communication, influenced not only by internal processes of change  but also by cultural, social and textual factors.
Jonathan Mahler of the New York Times compared the two books and praised Hohoff's large role "in reconceiving the story from a dark tale of a young woman's disillusionment with her father's racist views, to a redemptive one of moral courage and human decency".
However, in the 1930s, mainstream economics began to mutate into a science of human decision.
Critics of the policy have described it as the Sinicization of Xinjiang and have called it an ethnocide or cultural genocide, while some governments, activists, independent NGOs, human rights experts, academics, government officials, independent researchers, and the East Turkistan Government-in-Exile have called it a genocide.
The CoSM featured 20 life-size paintings of standing human figures Grey created in the early 1980s.
In most longitudinal studies of human subjects, patients may withdraw from the trial or become "lost to follow-up".
 Mrinalini Sharma as Reema Ali Khan: A Pakistani girl who was forced into trafficking by some human trafficking people.
Ethologists such as Irenäus Eibl-Eibesfeldt have argued that facial gestures such as smiling, grimacing, and the eyebrow flash on greeting are universal human communicative signals that can be related to corresponding signals in other primates.
The band has as main characteristics a heavy sound with psychedelic nuances, and lyrics sung in English addressing social contexts and human behavior.
In addition, although the English version does not define “exploitation,” its definition of “slavery in persons” does not require movement and criminalizes most forms of human trafficking.
Rabban Johanan ben Zakkai taught that the law attaches great importance to human dignity.
At the core of this strategy was the development of human capital for inclusive growth and sustainable development for all Burkinabé, with a more just and equitable distribution of the fruits of growth and development.
Phenylketonuria (PKU) is a human genetic condition caused by mutations to a gene coding for a particular liver enzyme.
Still suspicious, Koenig quizzes him on Earth history to confirm his identity as a human being.
Although it was never an official NASA program, members of the First Lady Astronaut Trainees (also known as FLATs) secretly trained to become astronauts for America's first human spaceflight program in the early 1960s.
The D-pad of the original has been replaced by the patented Zune Pad, which supplements 5-way clicking using a capacitive touchpad similar to the iPod Click Wheel and only responding to human touch.
Hatton 2 is the proverb derived from Origen about the six ways the human soul is made in the image of God.
Signs of human activity dating back to about 4000 BCE have been found, but there are no signs of permanent settlements from that time.
Monster animation was developed in part with motion capture, with human actors acting out some of the various monster actions.
It also introduced a multiplayer mode where players could assume the role of various Necromorph forms in player versus player team battles between human and Necromorph forces.
In a major shift in the function of NASA in American human spaceflight, the Obama administration proposal would rely solely on launch vehicles designed, manufactured, and operated by private aerospace companies, with NASA paying for flights for government astronauts.
WizarDragon is voiced by  while his human form is portrayed by Shunya Shiraishi, who also portrays Haruto Soma.
As a result, all surviving Titans and Titan Shifters revert to human form permanently.
In 1935, a decade after the passage of Virginia's eugenics laws, Plecker wrote to Walter Gross, director of Nazi Germany's Bureau of Human Betterment and Eugenics.
Denton has said in radio interviews that he regrets being involved in the program due to the unacceptable level of human manipulation.
Past projects in the Kim lab have included studying the epigenetic instability of imprinted genes during tumorigenesis, potential roles of AEBP2 as a PRC2 targeting protein and in neural crest cell development, as well as the DNA methylation of mouse and human retrotransposons.
They pair his interests in contemporary psychoanalytic theory and home design—architecture, ornament, wallpaper and fabric—in theatrical, film set-like scenes characterized by human absence, visual conundrums, and trompe-l'œil obfuscation.
 Earth Abides, 1949 post-apocalyptic science-fiction novel by George Stewart, deals with the human reactions to living when nearly everyone else died.
The star-filled cast sang profanity laced lyrics directed at Donald Trump such as "Donald Trump is human syphilis/we could be the antidote".
Schmithüsen et al., advocate for a rights-based approach to forestry anagment with emphasis upon  strengthening human rights networks, improving the independence of the judiciary, promoting legal literacy among rural communities, and providing legal aid; rather than a signular focus on forestry laws.
The cysts of the metacercariae are gradually digested by the human gastric acids, and upon reaching the small intestines, the entire cyst is lost.
Civics, the first album by Bruno's new band, The Human Hearts, was released by Tight Ship Records in 2007.
H. Fenwick and G. Phillipson, “Breach of Confidence as a Privacy Remedy in the Human Rights Act Era” (2000) 63 Modern Law Review 660.
It is about a human named Jonathan (Andy Samberg), who accidentally stumbles upon the hotel and instantly falls in love with Dracula's teenage daughter, Mavis (Selena Gomez), and eventually dates her, despite Dracula (Adam Sandler) attempting to keep Johnny away from his daughter.
The aim of his lessons was to help students extend the range and expressiveness of their voice to include every possible vocal sound, which he believed both represented and precipitated the realization of increased human potential in other areas of life.
So Robin threw the loaf onto the bridge and the dog chased it across the bridge, thus cheating the Devil of a human soul.
You have indefatigably fought against the step-by-step advance of the powers anxious to destroy everything that human civilization has created over a long period of centuries... You are the economic conscience of our country and of our nation."
That time environmental concerns were limited to human health with a focus on water supply, sewage disposal and communicable diseases.
ATR's president Grover Norquist has written about the importance of the "Taxpayer Protection Pledge" for many publications including Human Events in June 2010.
Calloway captioned the image, "the first human case of the corona outbreak, but make it porn," attracting criticism for engaging in the promotion of stereotypes about Asian cultures, particularly in the context of heightened racism and xenophobia during the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to several scholars, the statue stands out for its naturalistic rendering of the human body.
Other NGOs, including Human Rights Watch, the Committee to Protect Journalists and the Glasnost Defense Foundation, have issued reports condemning the lack of press freedoms in Tajikistan.
Other disaster-level examples of negative outcomes resulting from human error, possibly including multiple cognitive biases: the Three Mile Island nuclear meltdown, the loss of the Space Shuttle Challenger, the Chernobyl nuclear reactor fire, the downing of an Iran Air passenger aircraft, the ineffective response to the Hurricane Katrina weather event, and many more.
Unlike Tima's desire to be human, the cause for Mitchi's destructive rampage in the manga's climax is the revelation that, as a robot, she has no parents.
On August 8, 2004 over the Kinzie Street Bridge in Chicago, Illinois, a tour bus belonging to the Dave Matthews Band dumped an estimated 800 pounds of human waste from the bus's septic tank onto a passenger sightseeing boat on the Chicago River below.
Matei started raging because of the ignorance of policemen, who refused to acknowledge the fact that three girls were underage victims of human trafficking.
This is good for the Human species.
Olaf is a troll who was once human, a tenth-century Viking who apparently often hunted trolls and was the lover or husband of Aud; he cheated on her with a "load-bearing" bar matron, and Aud punished him by transforming him into a gigantic hammer-wielding troll.
The stone is said to have been white, but after the sins of human beings, it became black.
Many human rights organizations have accused Kuwait of apartheid policies toward foreign nationals.
In 2012, EMC sponsored The Human Face of Big Data, a globally crowdsourced media project focusing on the ability to collect, analyze, triangulate and visualize vast amounts of data in real-time.
Lynch School of Education and Human Development faculty will work directly with the school's teachers on faculty and curriculum development, presenting new approaches to education and working to establish best practices in the classroom.
The essence realized in the development of human society is freedom, but freedom is precisely that ability to negate the smooth line of development and go off in novel, hitherto unforeseen directions.
Film Music Magazine's Daniel Schweiger praised the soundtrack as "most impactful insights to the human condition, while completely surprising with its cinematic, and musical authorships."
In the present day, human activity has had a significant impact on the surface of the planet.
A link using rel="nofollow" (to hide it from legitimate search engine spiders) and hidden text (to remove it for human visitors) would remain visible to malicious 'bots.
The Society for Threatened Peoples International STPI (-International, GfbV-International) is an international NGO and human rights organization with its headquarters in Göttingen, Germany.
When he is suffering as the human body he is using cannot sustain him for long, Nanami gives up a part of her life force to help him, but he takes much more reducing her life span.
The Xiao Erya and the Kongzi Jiayu state that length units were derived from the human body.
Following Mantid's defeat, the Spirit Oracle granted his wish where she returned him to human form and reunited him with Loraine.
The second batch of Ninth Doctor novels —comprising The Deviant Strain, Only Human and The Stealers of Dreams—were released 8 September 2005 and feature the Doctor, Rose and later companion Captain Jack.
Since then, he has championed international issues around global human and drug trafficking.
Zikkaron, a short film which had the artistic intention of "concretizing the man within the universe", multiplying the allegorical images symbolizing the cosmos and the first organisms on Earth and the human body.
Liberal Arts and Human Sciences
The Beast With No Name and Stanley's Monster) - A minor demon who was banished from Hell to Earth by Lucifer for being "too nice" for Hell and has befriended a human named Stanley Dover Junior.
In 2009, Oregon Department of Human Services agreed to pay $2 million into a fund for the future care of twins who were allegedly abused by their foster parents; this was the largest such settlement in the agency's history.
Kimberly Nixon is a transgender woman who filed a human rights complaint against Vancouver Rape Relief & Women's Shelter Society (VRRS) for discrimination.
In 1969 he meets his human girlfriend Josie and gets clean from blood.
The chief human resources & administration officer is Emmanuel Jones Kasule, who also joined the team in 2016.
Because international human rights are universal, the Transnational Incorporation Doctrine's new interpretation of the Fifth Amendment's Due Process Clause could result in universal application of all incorporated rights regardless of nationality or physical location.
AIDS or HIV/AIDS is a spectrum of conditions caused by infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
She was Professor of Human Rights Law at King's College London between 2001 and 2018 and is now Professor of Law and Social Justice at the University of Leeds.
The genitive pronominal forms -angu, -ako, -ake, -etu, -enu and -ao are frequently inflected with a group of nouns referring to close human relationships with their appropriate class 9/10 concords, regardless of the fact that they are animate (giving yangu, yako, yetu etc.
In other words, to the Chinese, the supreme principle is manifested and embodied by the chief gods of each phenomenon and of each human kin, making the worship of the highest God possible even in each ancestral temple.
Since not only the average age of the workforce is increasing, but at the same time barely enough young people move up, this demographic development will affect the labor market and the human resources policy in enterprises sustainable.
UN human rights council spokesman Cedric Sapey stated "The UN will not revoke a report on the basis of an article in a newspaper.
It is through this dialogue that the world can achieve global visions of sustainable development encompassing observance of human rights, mutual respect and the alleviation of poverty.
Maugham returned to Britain from his ambulance unit duties in order to promote Of Human Bondage.
Sequence specificity to target loci is only 14 nt long (12 nt of sgRNA and 2nt of the PAM), which can recur around 11 times in a human genome.
Stroger served on seven committees: Budget and Government Operations; Committees, Rules, and Ethics; Housing and Real Estate; Human Relations; Police and Fire; Special Events and Cultural Affairs; and Traffic Control and Safety.
Some of these are human threats, such as the Saxons he fights in the Historia Brittonum, but the majority are supernatural, including giant cat-monsters, destructive divine boars, dragons, dogheads, giants, and witches.
Some Italian authorities feared that rather than saving lives, the NGO operations encouraged more people to use the dangerous passage facilitated by human traffickers.
In the summer of 2014, Laura Emiko Soltis, a human rights activist-scholar who had just received her PhD from Emory, became Freedom University's first Executive Director.
He submitted a report on "Renovation and Rejuvenation of Higher Education in India" to the Ministry of Human Resource Development on 24 June 2009.
Fisher believes that all forms of communication that appeal to our reason are best viewed as stories shaped by history, culture, and character, and all forms of human communication are to be seen fundamentally as stories
 Tommy Thompson, Department of Health and Human Services
Hilchot Rotze'ach USh'mirat Nefesh (The Laws of Murderers and the Protection of Human Life), chapter 12, ¶ 14.
 Human Nature, directed by Michel Gondry, starring Tim Robbins, Rhys Ifans, Patricia Arquette and Miranda Otto
She's defended the rights of activists and advocated for the prosecution of human traffickers.
She also studies the host cell responses to infection with the human papillomavirus in individuals who are immunodeficient, most commonly HIV-positive immunosuppressant individuals.
Stagnant water can be contaminated with human and animal feces, particularly in deserts or other areas of low rainfall.
In the reading of Helen Price, the riddle suggests that 'writing is a journey, but it is not one of a human being alone.
Mark Winey, Professor of Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology, University of Colorado, Boulder: Gene discovery in human ciliary diseases.
William Henry Stone (1830–1891), English physician known for his studies on electro-therapy and the electrical properties of the human body
According to the bid document the stated objective of WorldPride Sydney 2023 is to celebrate the diversity of culture and identity in the Asia Pacific region, shine an international spotlight on First Nations culture, and draw attention to LGBTIQ+ human rights abuses.
Fitzpatrick worked in Human resources from 2010 to 2020.
NAS has been shown to inhibit LPS-stimulated production of the proinflammatory cytokine TNF-alpha in differentiated THP-1-derived human monocytes.
Vugt argues that this evolved male social dynamic explains the human history of war to modern-day gang rivalry.
APOBEC3 family of cytidine deaminase enzymes respond to viral infections by editing viral genome, but the enzymatic activity of APOBEC3A and APOBEC3B has also been found to cause unwanted host genome editing and may even participate to oncogenesis in human papillomavirus-related cancers.
Vaccination against smallpox is assumed to provide protection against human monkeypox infection, because they are closely related viruses and the vaccine protects animals from experimental lethal monkeypox challenges.
She reported from the state of Jammu and Kashmir [a conflict-ridden state] for almost seven years, covering politics, violence, governance and human stories.
This made it possible to elucidate fundamental mechanisms of infection, including infectious agent uptake and spread by myeloid cells of the blood, lack of maternal transmission, and major strain differences of human Transmissible Spongiform Encephalopathy (TSE) agents such as sporadic CJD, kuru of New Guinea, bovine-linked vCJD in the UK, and Asiatic CJD.
There are more than 50 undergraduate programs in Arts, Education, Engineering, Fine Arts, Human Kinetics, Management, Media, Medicine, Nursing, and Sciences.
The conferences and seminars hosted by PSCORE aim to raise awareness and educate people on topics related to reunification of the Korean peninsula  and human rights in North Korea.
Thus, the adequacy of the financial and human resources for the success of the risk management plan should be frequently reevaluated to give as much advance warning as possible for excess contingency or future inadequacy.
The show dealt with unusual topics for the primetime television of the period, such as  abortion, incest, homophobia and LGBT adoption, transsexuality, racism, belief in God, medical ethics, polygamy, polyamory, adolescent sexuality, date rape, cryonics, the Holocaust, shoe fetishism, masturbation, animal sacrifice,  spontaneous human combustion, and constitutional rights.
Since it has been placed in many other places in the world where the governments does not respect the human rights.
A "Health and Human Services pilot initiative aimed at improving the health and quality of life for Hispanic senior citizens," AcademyHealth serves as the contractor for this project, titled Improving Hispanic Elders' Health: Community Partnerships for Evidence-Based Solutions.
She lectured at the University Cambridge and at universities in Paris, Siena, Stockholm, Warsaw and the Institute for Human Sciences in Vienna.
As Ivan sleeps, Vasilisa transforms into her human form.
The High School offers a full honors track as well as 11 AP classes including English Language and Composition, English Literature and Composition, Biology, Chemistry, Physics I, Statistics, Calculus AB, US History, US Government and Politics, Human Geography and Computer Science.
Infected woodchucks which are unable to clear the infection inevitably develop hepatocellular carcinoma; this has led to the use of WHV in woodchucks as a model for human Hepatitis B virus infections.
Also in 2017, he began working on his debut album, Only Human, which was released on 9 March 2018.
Human rights recommendations for aging prisoners advocate that necessary changes should be made to adapt to the older prisoner's physical and mental health.
"Quantifying the Influence of Climate Change on Human Conflict".
Human ADI1//Sip-L over-expression in 293 cells enhances cell entry but not replication of HCV.
Also in tension with these personal and national human histories is the sense of a far older geological history.
She has peak human agility, and is highly athletic.
Otis Bowen, 95, American politician, Governor of Indiana (1973–1981), Secretary of Health and Human Services (1985–1989).
China's first spacecraft designed for human occupancy was named Shuguang-1 (曙光一号) in January 1968.
Trusting the assurances of funding, the Black Theatre troupe set off on tour – visits to missions and reserves considered important as there was a range of human rights issues in that state.
In order to inform the public about the consequences of human trafficking, the government implemented information boards, presented films and supported theatrical plays, as well as demanding all women under 35 to have an official permission from their parents of husband when traveling abroad.
Bryan O'Linn, 87, South African-born Namibian jurist and human rights advocate, member of the High Court (1989–1999) and Supreme Court (1999–2006).
The official response of the Assembly was that because Kazakhstan is partially located in Europe, it could apply for full membership, but that it would not be granted any status whatsoever at the council until its democracy and human rights records improved.
In Hinduism, he can be represented as a human with wings.
 A History of Human Services, Universal Lessons, and Future Implications, a recording of a two-day seminar, presented by Wolf Wolfensberger and Susan Thomas
Throughout his career, he moved freely back and forth between human medicine and animal medicine.
It provides a firsthand account of international human trafficking by exploring the Eastern European countries such as Moldova and Ukraine where girls are recruited, then following the trail to the various countries and locales where they end up.
Percentage-wise, Zaolzie suffered the worst human loss from the whole of Czechoslovakia – about 2.6% of the total population.
The School's education programme are focused on value the synthesis of human body, mind and spirit.
During one Christmas message, he said, "Christ began His mission of saving and redeeming the human race by being born in the squalor of a stable.
This work seeks a better understanding of the psychological and neurobiological basis of decision-making in order to determine the validity of models of human economic behavior.
In 2019, it was revealed that Karman had been targeted by Project Raven; a UAE clandestine surveillance and hacking operation, targeting other governments, militants and human rights activists critical of the UAE monarchy.
Chess and Backgammon Classics allows users to play chess against a human opponent, or a CPU opponent (difficulty settings are adjustable).
Stating that the story "introduced many Western readers to an intriguing speculation in Oriental religions", Carl Sagan in 1978 listed "The Nine Billion Names of God" as among the "rare few science‐fiction [stories that] combine a standard science‐fiction theme with a deep human sensitivity".
The dietary energy supply is the food available for human consumption, usually expressed in kilocalories or kilojoules per person per day.
Pig milk is not considered suitable for human consumption or commercial production for a number of reasons.
Preserving cultural traditions and ethnic diversity is a factor for not allowing human populations levels or rates to fall too low.
All human beings are called to belong to the Church.
The Human Torch appears as a playable character in Marvel: Ultimate Alliance, voiced by Josh Keaton.
The play takes a specific approach to Swetnam's bias, judging his low opinion of women as a reflection of his own low quality as a human being.
Lee has written that animal liberation requires widespread, radical changes in the way human beings live.
Krumovitsa is an area sensitive to the human activities related mainly to traditional livestock in the region.
[338, 340]Those whose usurious and avaricious dealings lead to the hunger and death of their brethren in the human family indirectly commit homicide, which is imputable to them.
Some experts consider kneading to stimulate the cat and make it feel good, in the same manner as a human stretching.
The giant rat, along with some other endemic species of the islands, became extinct due to the activities of the initial human colonists, the Guanches, who arrived around 1000 BC, including their introduction of feral cats.
In July 2020, The Globe and Mail reported that human rights activists, including retired politician Irwin Cotler, were encouraging the Parliament of Canada to recognize the Chinese actions against Uyghurs as genocide and impose sanctions on the officials responsible.
Rico (Gugu Liberato) is a businessman manipulated by Gorgon, the Goblin of Envy, who has been expelled from the world of elementals as a traitor, and now lives in the form of a human being.
Here the hero presents himself between myth and reality, both a great and a human figure.
 "Bones of Contention": Battling for Human Dignity at the Salina Indian Burial Pit - student documentary
A representative of Bulgaria in the Economic Commission of Europe to the UN in Geneva (1965–1971), Senior Advisor to the Council of Human Resources at the State Council of the PRB (1971–1982).
Pumlen lake or Pumlenpat is on the verge of extinction due to human settlement and encroachments in and around this lake.
The film explores the recesses of the human consciousness.
"The Microscopic Evaluation of Skin Buttons used in a Long-Term Human Total Artificial Heart Recipient" ; Murray K.D., Abbott T., DeVries W.C., Gaykowski R., Olsen D.B.
They are members of the United States Foreign Service who provide important technical, support or administrative services in 19 career categories, including Diplomatic Security Agents, Doctors and Physician Assistants, Information Management Specialists, Office Management Specialists, Human Resource Specialists.
Most members also belong to at least one of the five Special Interest Groups of the Society that represent members' primary field of practice in human genetics:
The Constitution of Vanuatu is supreme law and sets out the legal framework which deals with the respect of human rights.
 The Tale of the Dueling Neurosurgeons: the History of the Human Brain as Revealed by True Stories of Trauma, Madness, and Recovery (2014)
When being born, a Methuselah behaves as any normal human.
of Health and Human Services, 2009.
Since 2002, she has traveled to Israel and Palestine on dozens of occasions, volunteered with Physicians for Human Rights, and is an active supporter of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement (BDS).
In a speech on the steps of the National Air and Space Museum he described long-term plans which would culminate in a human mission to the surface of Mars.
He was also Program Officer in Human Rights at the Ford Foundation in its Rio de Janeiro office.
In the film, Hulot and a group of American tourists lose themselves in the futuristic glass and steel of the commercially-globalised modern Parisian suburbs, where only human nature and a few reflective views of the old city of Paris itself still emerge to breathe life into the sterile new metropolis.
A report published in 1992 by the human rights organization Helsinki Watch stated that their inquiry found that the Azerbaijani OMON and "the militia, still in uniform and some still carrying their guns, were interspersed with the masses of civilians" which may have been the reason why Armenian troops fired upon them.
with theoretical considerations on the modern forms of war as linked to the historical and anthropological constants governing human confrontations.
 “From Browser’s Cache to the Human Genome – Towards an Extended Notion of Publishing”
However, when it comes to aiding animals, she argues that human obligations differ depending on the context.
Members of the society criticized that it would lead to major suspicions on whether basic human rights such as right to a fair trial can be sustained.
Although human cultures and religions differ on their conceptions of God and his nature, Baháʼís believe they nevertheless refer to one and the same Being.
(2002), contributed to theories of the serial founder effect and early human migration out of Africa, and clustering methods have been notably applied to describe admixed continental populations.
CEO of AstraZeneca, Pascal Soriot, said of the award "On behalf of AstraZeneca, I am delighted to congratulate Dr Jane Osbourn for her award of an OBE in recognition of her services to human monoclonal antibody drug research and development and biotechnology.
 KCNT2 (symbol SLICK), a human gene
Bill C-31 attempts to recognise the United Nations’ Human Rights Committee decision in the Sandra Lovelace case and Charter compliance issues.
Matin studied the effect of nutrient deprivation in bacteria, which is often experienced by them in the human body and the environment, and worked on induction of two classes of starvation genes named as cyclic AMP-dependent and independent.
All he wanted was attention and notice from his old human friend after all.
Due to human related activities the success of the species has dwindled from recent historical reports.
The Department of Immigration required all deportees returning from South Africa via the Beitbridge border crossing to attend an IOM-led briefing on safe migration, which includes a discussion on human trafficking and IOM's assistance services.
 Janet Rowley, American human geneticist
Being aware of the fossils and the numerous human occupations her study of the Carmel Caves was pioneering.
Lemon oil aroma does not influence the human immune system, but may contribute to relaxation.
Reacting to the committee's call, John Walters, the Ombudsman of Namibia whose office is mandated to promote and protect human rights, said that people should be free to live their lives as they see fit.
In 1974, the UN Commission of Human Rights set up the Working Group on Slavery, in which the IAF participated.
If global warming is occurring and it is due to human activity, then it is not going to be damaging.
This contrasts with the industrial practices surrounding egg-laying hens, which produce eggs for human consumption without being fertilized.
Human line on social media.
"Conflict & Resolution" which "utilizes the power of cinema to increase understanding of the human realities of war and conflict".
 Member, Committee on Human Resource Development (Sept. 2014–Present)
Reckless hunting and loss of habitat as a result of human settlement have led to significant decline in the numbers of the bohor reedbuck, although this antelope tends to survive longer in such over-exploited areas as compared to its relatives.
NK-92 cells can be genetically engineered to recognize and kill human cancer cells.
A comprehensive systems method from describing the sources of methane due to human society is known as anthropogenic metabolism.
The Compatibility Gene is a 2013 book about the discovery of the mechanism of compatibility in the human immune system by the English professor of immunology, Daniel M. Davis.
Headology bears some similarities to psychology in that it requires the user to hold a deep-seated understanding of the workings of the human mind in order to be used successfully.
The absence of significant western criticism of continued human rights abuses resulted in rising discontent among Eastern European dissidents, with Czech playwright (and future President) Vachlav Havel labeling détente as "naive, thickheaded."
 Wong, Bernard (1987) "The Role of Ethnicity in Enclave Enterprises: A Study of the Chinese Garment Factories in New York City", Human Organization, Volume 46, Number 2 / Summer 1987, Society for Applied Anthropology, pp.
Peter Morgan is renowned as one of the leading creators and proponents of ecological sanitation solutions, which enable the safe reuse of human excreta to enhance soil quality and crop production.
President Mutharika was seen by some as increasingly autocratic and dismissive of human rights, and in July 2011 protests over high costs of living, devolving foreign relations, poor governance and a lack of foreign exchange reserves erupted.
In Charles Stross' series The Laundry Files, a human avatar of Nyarlathotep under the name Fabian Everyman becomes UK's prime minister.
Furthermore, SPS measures must be based on appropriate assessments of the risks to human, animal or plant life or health.
A non-profit non-governmental agency, KIPT incorporates interactive audience discourse in its puppet shows and festivals that tackle themes such as the prevention of HIV/AIDS, sexual reproductive health/rights, gender-based violence, environment and conservation, and human rights and democracy.
The basic metaphor of this verse, as with the previous one is that a human father would not refuse a basic desire from his son, so God too would not refuse a basic need of one of his followers, when they ask him.
Aristotle's treatise on rhetoric systematically describes civic rhetoric as a human art or skill (techne).
Horses can be an essential part of an overall team effort as they can move faster on the ground than a human on foot, can transport heavy equipment, and provide a more rested rescue worker when a subject is found.
The character is a metaphor for the observer (any human being living, observing and interacting with reality).
During the Whitlam Labor Government, he acted as a consultant to Aboriginal Affairs Minister Gordon Bryant, advising on Indigenous land rights and legal services issues, and Attorney-General Lionel Murphy, where he was closely involved in drafting the Racial Discrimination Act 1975 and the (unsuccessful) Human Rights Bill 1973.
His call for peace & human dignity is v[ery] significant."
For Nietzsche, Internal psychological states that we cannot consciously control such as “happiness” are actually the true causes of virtuous behavior, not the human will.
However, Falik doesn't seek to recreate the genre, treating prototypes generically as symbols of the spiritual human being.
Geoffrey Ronald Robertson  (born 30 September 1946) is a human rights barrister, academic, author and broadcaster.
The human tongue has an unusual shape.
The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) is the parliamentary arm of the Council of Europe, a 47-nation international organisation dedicated to upholding human rights, democracy and the rule of law.
Archeological evidence from human bones indicates that average nutrition improved after the collapse in many parts of the former Roman Empire.
According to Omar Abdulaziz, a Saudi activist, the Bees would "talk about the dissidents, the political prisoners, freedom of speech, human rights."
On 5 July 2016, in a major cabinet reshuffle, Pandey took the oath of office as Union Minister of State for Human Resource Development in the First Modi ministry.
All values supposed to be read by a human, i.e.
Scientists are able to examine fragments of pottery vessels, human remains, stone tools.
The liberal New Yorker deemed While They Fought "rather untidy" and largely "undocumented," while the conservative Human Events found it "valuable."
With this term, Hobbes had captured the human proclivity to strive for perfection.
To shield soldiers from stone-throwing, cars were stopped and placed round the houses, while people were mustered to form human shields.
Journal of Human Rights Practice 11, no.
She was council liaison to the Animal Matters Board, Environment Commission, Human Rights Commission, and Traffic and Transportation Commission.
The representation of the characters was partly inspired by Body Worlds, a travelling exhibition of human bodies preserved by plastination to reveal internal anatomical structures.
Many of the ecosystems of the Caribbean islands have been devastated by deforestation, pollution, and human encroachment.
The premise of the event was to show that a cheetah could defeat a human (with a five-second head start) in a  race.
Evidence of human activity in Jordan dates back to the Paleolithic period.
During his first term in the Florida House of Representatives Miller worked across the aisle to pass bills to combat veteran homelessness and cosponsored legislation to address the human trafficking crisis.
Casey Jones – Casey Jones is the Turtles' second human ally along with April, and Raphael's best friend.
He is John Norton Pomeroy Professor of Law at New York University School of Law, and co-chair of the law school's Center for Human Rights and Global Justice.
In an article published in 2001 in the Annual Review of Genomics and Human Genetics, McGill University professor Charles R. Scriver, observed there is "important evidence of social transmission of demographic behavior  that contributed to effective family size and population structure."
Still, some see hope within his work – the endurance of human endeavor, in spite of its fragility.
While in private practice, he received the California Association of Human Relations Organizations' Civil Rights Leadership Award for work on hate crimes, and the State Bar of California's Wiley Manuel Pro Bono Award for his pro bono work for the poor.
He is voiced by , who also portrays his human form.
The Institute offers M.Sc in Public Policy & Human Development with 8 different specializations.
Specifically, this includes an adherence to the European Convention on Human Rights, which highlight a responsibility to ensure non-discrimination and equality.
Fainlight appeared in this piece of improvised street theatre as the human personification of the magazine.
On 15-25 September 1946, a total of 2180 kg of human corpses were exhumed and analysed (the corpses were then buried again in ); however, the exhumations did not cover the whole territory of the camp.
Romero has been awarded several recognitions for his work in human rights.
On 9 October 1994, two bags containing human bones were found in the countryside near the Requejada dam (a few kilometres north-west of Aguilar de Campóo), but forensic investigations ruled out the possibility of them belonging to the girls: instead, they belonged to unknown victims of the Spanish Civil War, which was waged between 1936 and 1939.
Its aim is to apply general principles and good practices of cognitive ergonomics that help to avoid unnecessary cognitive load at work and improves human performance.
The karst topography also poses difficulties for human inhabitants.
Alistipes shahii is a Gram-negative, strictly anaerobic and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Alistipes which has been isolated from human appendix tissue from the United States.
Freedom from discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation is found in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR).
Vaccines that pass each of these stages of testing are then approved by the public health safety authority (FDA in the United States) to start a three-phase series of human testing, advancing to higher phases only if they are deemed safe and effective at the previous phase.
 March 9 – Amnesty International publishes a report on the cases of human rights violations by the Aquino administration committed by military and paramilitary groups; report is rejected by the government.
Deeyah Khan  (, , born 7 August 1977) is a Norwegian documentary film director and human rights activist of Punjabi/Pashtun descent.
The mutant animal player characters in the game lived in the modern world, functioning on the fringes of human society.
Amun, the supreme god, was increasingly seen as the final arbiter of human destiny, the true ruler of Egypt.
Officially no human activity is allowed there (except research).
After several weeks, he reconnects with Ronnie and reveals he is a hybrid of human and insect, which he has nicknamed "Brundlefly".
Not long after, they found skeletal remains of two human hands; the remains were identified as Shinichi and his local friend, Kimiko, who had died together with him, holding his hand.
When you deal with human rights you are not dealing with something clearly defined in the Constitution.
Documentary evidence of human settlement in the Kaisertal in the Middle Ages date back at least to 1430.
The races were recognized as the world's leading endurance footrace series by TIME magazine in 2009 and 2010, as the "Ultimate test of human endurance".
Human Rights Watch reported that family members of many of the victims testified that they were last seen in a government-controlled area or after they set out to cross into the area through two checkpoints, one manned by opposition forces and the other by government forces.
For example, in some places the human waste is collected in drums which need to be helicoptered in and out at considerable expense.
Human Rights Watch criticized the IOM for being part of "arbitrary detention" and for denying asylum seekers access to legal advice.
By resolution #2002/68 of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights an Intergovernmental Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was established, which held its first meeting in January 2003 and which meets on an annual basis.
It is in particular piracy in Southeast Asia, off the coast of Somalia and in West Africa which has triggered recognition for the detrimental effects of maritime insecurities for economic development, human security as well as the environment.
The author suggests that the human species is the only one plagued by "original sin", i.e.
A UN human rights report reports that 10,000 to 12,000 Afghan civilians have been killed in the previous nine months by Soviet and Afghan government forces, and that children have been killed by the indiscriminate use of explosives disguised as toys.
Landmark research by David L. Vaux and colleagues described the anti-apoptotic and tumorigenic (tumor-causing) role of the human cancer gene bcl-2.
It has been well studied in three viruses that infect mammalian hosts, including two human viruses – BK virus and JC virus – and the simian virus SV40; the BK, JC, and SV40 examples are by far the best-studied and have fairly high sequence conservation.
A study was done in 2012 on observing how this gene is expressed in human pancreatic islets and in endocrine pancreatic tumors.
In endemic areas, up to 3% of the human population has developed an allergy to the venom and about half of these allergic people can suffer from anaphylactic reactions (increased heart rate, falling blood pressure, and other symptoms), which can lead to death on rare occasions.
This improves human comfort, reduces the risk of heat stroke and decreases costs to cool buildings.
Many Shi'i clerics, as well as the chairperson of the human rights committee of the Iraqi parliament, denounced these killings, though were also against emo culture as a whole.
These are all found in the skeletal system of the human body.
 1907 in Australian literature: Human Toll – Barbara Baynton; "In the Street" – John Shaw Neilson; An Anthology of Australian Verse – Bertram Stevens
Certain units on the human side can also extract Bydogen from Bydo units.
Beta radiation can penetrate human skin, but cannot go all the way through the body.
He appears to have been of a somewhat morbid habit of mind, as he is said to have been compelled to abandon the study of anatomy, in which he engaged while at Cambridge, owing to a monomaniacal aversion to food, induced by familiarity with the internal structure of the human gullet.
Students interviewed by Human Rights Watch described being excluded and ostracized, being targeted online, or being physically harassed.
As a result of the story, the Human Rights Commission of the Chamber of Deputies decided to investigate Goulart's death.
The program's presenter, Rob Newman, also contended that the 20th century decline of the mussel should have been treated as a warning for the looming health crisis of Africatown's human population, due to filter-feeding species' status as barometers of water cleanliness.
 The Adversaries of the Sceptic, or, The Specious Present: a New Inquiry into Human Knowledge (1901), The MacMillan Company.
The major metabolite of ramelteon, M-II, is active and has approximately one-tenth and one-fifth the binding affinity of the parent molecule for the human MT1 and MT2 receptors, respectively, and is 17- to 25-fold less potent than ramelteon in in vitro functional assays.
In 2008, Soderberg promoted a book, along with four of his House colleagues, which rejects the notion that human activity impacts global warming.
The right to housing is recognized in a number of international human rights instruments.
His other prominent contribution pertains to the role of trade and FDI networks in influencing regulatory races in areas such as human rights, labor rights, environmental policies.
 "Homeless Families: Warming Center", Human Solutions, Portland, Oregon, USA
In the 10 years from 1925 and 1935, 89 people and thousands of livestock had died from it—“the highest human mortality from rabies-infected bats thus far recorded anywhere.”
An investigation into Extra Judicial Killings in Kenya, where Human Rights workers accuse police of killing more than 8500 young men in the last ten years alone.
In 1989, Jesuit lawyer Fr Frank Brennan AO founded Uniya, a centre for social justice and human rights research, advocacy, education and networking.
On August 27, 2019, the Palestinian Authority rescinded the ban following backlash and condemnation from human rights groups.
DYNAMIC STATE OF ECONOMIC GROWTH, GREATER SOCIAL EQUALITY, LARGER FULFILLMENT OF HUMAN POTENTIAL
However, even when a state is derogating from a Union obligation, it must respect human rights standards: Case C-260/89 ERT.
He was awarded the Right Livelihood Award in 1982 for "educating the adult spirit to a new non-materialistic vision of human nature."
 predict precise locations of all human genes using comparative genomics techniques with several mammalian and vertebrate species
The Venus of Hohle Fels is the oldest known undisputed depiction of a human.
It is assumed that the distribution areas have changed historically with desertification and are mainly limited by competition with the red fox (Vulpes vulpes) and by human settlements.
Count Nefaria was a normal human with a genius intellect long before he'd gained his superpowers.
The research proposed "Negotiated Order" as a more viable way to avoid ethical cynicism found in US trained lawyers and lead to serious reduction in the human impact on the larger environment of the world.
This is also known as the pathetic fallacy, "a term coined by John Ruskin ... for the practice of attributing human emotions to the inanimate or unintelligent world"—as in "the sentimental poetic trope of the 'pathetic fallacy', beloved of Theocritus, Virgil and their successors" in the pastoral tradition.
Kibera is one of the most studied slums in Africa, not only because it sits in the centre of the modern city, but also because UN-HABITAT, the United Nations' agency for human settlements, is headquartered close by.
After the Dark Territory had begun their plans to attack the Human World, Alice is forced to go back to the front lines and took Kirito with her, leaving him in the care of Tiese and Ronye, who are both devastated to hear of Eugeo's death.
Global Witness, an international human rights and environmental non-governmental organization (NGO) based in London, recognized these timber guerillas when they identified mass Cambodian exports.
Food was transformed in the blood and the blood was later on Trans mutated into the tissues’ flesh, the human body however constituted of more of hungry organs.
The psychologist Carl Jung identified twelve primary 'original patterns' of the human psyche.
Powered by human operator turning gears using a removable crank.
Mauritanian non-profit human rights non-governmental organization founded in 1991 Mauritania.
Entertainment Weekly'''s TV critic Ken Tucker has described them as "a group dynamic rooted in jealousy, rage, insecurity, despair, hopelessness, and a touching lack of faith in one's fellow human beings".
to Berdimuhamedow during a sponsored concert, stating she was not aware of the human rights issues in Turkmenistan prior to the show.
Together they campaigned for human rights, protested against rearmament, and worked towards peace.
She pointed out that the main grievance of the protestors is exactly the failure of the authorities to ensure human rights.
Ivana Pradžiković received the “Joško Kulušić” award of the Croatian Helsinki Committee for promoting human rights, as well as the “Večernjakova ruža” person of the year award.
Despite the seriousness of her themes, most videos are presented through an absurdist perspective, revealing the difficulty of true human communication.
Upon learning about Victorious' invasion plan, he traveled back in time to find Cyan in the human world and sends her back to Sound World.
Палеоантропология земного шара и формирование человеческих рас (Global paleoanthropology and the formation of the human races)
His known accomplices include Unix the sprite; Bobb Ragby, a dwarf; Ching Mayle, a goblin; and Leonor, his human wife.
Western civilization has a political history based around the people overcoming struggles to take their freedom, which is considered by most to be an innate right of human beings.
Based also on the works of Abraham Maslow and his hierarchy of human needs, Rogers brought person-centered psychotherapy into mainstream focus.
In addition, she learns a secret that a satanic cult are practicing human sacrifices.
Despite the reforms by the new government, there are still numerous problems concerning respect for human rights in the country.
In these books we found information about History of Science in Islamic World, human Friendly works of Muslim Scientist and their biographies.
Pugs are playful and thrive on human companionship.
"The Children of Frankenstein: a Primer on Modern Technology and Human Values."
However, 210Po does not pose a threat outside the body, for alpha particles cannot penetrate human skin.
Academics Andrei Lankov and Kyunghee Kook have disputed the label of human trafficking or forced marriages for some cases.
For me, it’s a matter of time.” He said his role was to fight to try to bring human rights to Palestinians sooner rather than later.
Chris Anderson argues that while quantities such as human height or IQ follow a normal distribution, in scale-free networks with preferential attachments, power law distributions are created, i.e.
 More Fun Comics #62 (Dec. 1940) had the Spectre battle a human brain in a vat that had developed enormous powers and become mobile and sprouted an arm.
In his short story "The World Well Lost" (1953), first published in Universe magazine, homosexual alien fugitives and unrequited (and taboo) human homosexual love are portrayed.
Obstacles and challenges are a universal part of the human condition.
Troi’s parents are Betazoid Ambassador Lwaxana Troi (portrayed by Majel Barrett) and deceased human Starfleet officer Lt. Ian Andrew Troi (portrayed by Amick Byram).
The character took two and half years to design for Human Revolution, going through many designs considered "extremely bad" by art director Jonathan Jacques-Belletete.
The systems perspective considers a variety of contextual and task-related factors that interact with the human operator within the aviation system to affect operator performance.
The cover for the album featured a black thermosensitive plate which would reveal a photograph of the band when it became warm (ideally, from the "touch" of a human hand).
 Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights and Global Women's Issues
Taruto is a little catgirl who at the beginning of the series moves to a new house in a huge city with her human owner Iori Monaka and his teenage niece Kinako.
The director of the center that did the analysis said, "It's an interesting medical mystery of an unfortunate human with a series of birth defects."
He admits that his parents and children said he was too impatient and too direct; Liam also thinks more like a wolf than a human, believing in packs and that Nora and Josh (who don't share the same beliefs) would join him.
The ants are both diurnal and nocturnal and forage on trees, in low vegetation and into human homes, where they are regarded as pests.
Indeed, many pro-slavers would not be thrilled at the notion of sharing of one blood or human commonality.
According to Human Rights Watch, senior leaders of the KLA accused of killings and body transfers to Albania remain at-large, some in high government posts.
In the episode, alien time traveller the Doctor (Matt Smith) and his human companions Amy Pond (Karen Gillan) and Rory Williams (Arthur Darvill) find themselves trapped in what appears to be a 1980s hotel with constantly changing corridors.
Bifidobacteria and Their Role as Members of the Human Gut Microbiota.
His seminal work, Human Nature in its Fourfold State, was widely read throughout Scotland by people of all classes and is still in print today.
Although goa populations have declined over recent years, they do not inhabit regions of high human population over most of their range, and do not significantly compete with local livestock.
"Dumb Martian" tells of a Human and his Martian 'wife' out deep in space, far away from civilisation and the man's slow descent into brutality and madness.
This would be charged as the common law offences of kidnapping and false imprisonment, or rape, and/or human trafficking under the Sexual Offences Act 2003.
Georges van Vrekhem, Beyond the Human Species Paragon House, St Paul, Minnesota, 1998  (first published in Dutch 1995)
The score on the Municipal Human Development Index was 0.736.
Bishop Carcaño has been a vocal advocate for comprehensive Immigration reform in the United States, speaking out on behalf of "hard working immigrants seeking only to support themselves and their families [who] are being treated in ways that not only violate their human and civil rights, but that undermine the very values upon which this country was built."
 Nuremberg International Human Rights Film Award 2009 - Nomination
Near the dam site, there is also a campground maintained by the Bureau of Land Management that showcases a number of prehistoric petroglyphs, indicating human involvement in the region long predating Western influence.
Another example is the influence of phytochemicals on human metabolic effects.
Therefore, human offspring are highly dependent on caregiver investment, a necessity that serves as the precursor for theories on the development of pair-bonding, alloparenting, and cooperative breeding.
Barry Stroud claims that doing epistemology competently requires the historical study of past attempts to find philosophical understanding of the nature and scope of human knowledge.
Between 1994 and 2007, there were around 5,000 migrant deaths along the Mexico–United States border, according to a document created by the Human Rights National Commission of Mexico, also signed by the American Civil Liberties Union.
The screenplay concerns an aristocratic Englishman who is unhappily engaged to a brewery heiress but meets Ada, an Irish human cannonball, during a visit to a music hall and falls in love with her.
Although most species of Striga are not pathogens that affect human agriculture, some species have devastating effects upon crops, particularly those planted by subsistence farmers.
On November 21, 2016, Within the Ruins announced their fifth full-length album, Halfway Human, and debuted a single, "Death of the Rockstar".
First, the tecpatl demonstrated human sacrifice rituals when the victim's heart was removed; meanwhile, the  was used for beheading a bound prisoner.
Following a visit to Adnan by Rebecca Ziv from Physicians for Human Rights – Israel, she said of his situation:
He answers Gus' want to be an ambassador to the human realm and re-establish contact with the giraffes, which Eda earlier mentioned were from their world.
1992: Arab Institute of Human Rights, Tunis, Tunisia.
In response, the Chinese Embassy claimed that the motion was based on "groundless accusations" of human rights abuses against China and interfered in China's internal affairs.
After Aladdin disappears to the Dark Continent, Morgiana accompanies him as well, where she finally realizes her dream of meeting her fellow Fanalis, but retains her human form thanks to Aladdin's magic.
 William Cheselden publishes Anatomy of the Human Body and it becomes a popular work on anatomy, at least in part due to it being written in English rather than Latin.
., Campbell, T. & Tomkins, A., Sep 2011, The legal protection of human rights: Sceptical essays.
She is leading the small but dynamic political Party of the United Democrats, member of the political family of the European Liberal Democrats -ALDEParty- with a clear vision and activity towards freedom, democracy, peace, growth and respect for human rights.
As of 2008, researchers at The University of Texas at Austin (UT) developed a machine learning framework called Training an Agent Manually via Evaluative Reinforcement, or TAMER, which proposed new methods for robots or computer programs to learn how to perform tasks by interacting with a human instructor.
Asia Pacific Human Resource Management.
A human skull and a tripod vessel were found on that occasion.
The human rights of citizens of Sri Lanka are protected in terms of the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka which is the supreme law in the country.
Skulls and human remains have been reported on the island, but the accuracy of these reports can be called into question as there is an abundance of mystery and legend surrounding the details of the island.
The island is known for its collection of megalithic stone monuments: navetes, taules and talaiots, which indicate very early prehistoric human activity.
For the role, she wore heavy make-up, although she also appeared with her usual physique as Lucy, the human form of Lexi.
According to the Ahmadiyya view the universe passed from stage to stage till the Earth assumed a shape and developed properties which could sustain human life.
Archaeological evidence dates the early human occupation of Borba site back to the Gallo-Celtic tribes, occupied successively until the time of the Muslim invasion of the Iberian Peninsula.
Two further albums were released, Elementi in 2001 and L'infinito in 2004, completing with Il fiume a trilogy around the concept of the "becoming" of the human being.
He was the first to consider standardized variance components for heritability estimates and was the first (at least in the human context) to consider the effects of living with a relative (with a different genotype or, in the case of monozygotic twins, the same genotype) on the behavior of a person.
Hancock studied human anatomy and biology at Loughborough University in the United Kingdom.
 Melbourne Auditions: "Wishes" by Human Nature
- Respect for the principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
MCCDC, along with other congregations in the MCC denomination, and the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) organized the Millennium March on Washington, an LGBT rights rally that took place in April 2000 and was attended by hundreds of thousands of people.
Nicolas Schöffer questions how a cybernetic awareness can progressively dominate a destabilized human destiny.
Many have argued that the form of protection should refer to collective human rights to protect their distinct identities, religions and cultural heritage.
 Chad Griffin (born 1973), Former president of the Human Rights Campaign , and founder of American Foundation for Equal Rights, a nonprofit organization that supports the plaintiffs in the California Proposition 8 trial
The programme targets individuals exploring the critical key themes of culture, human rights, gender, LGBTQIA+ and climate justice which are so relevant to the region.
Human Rights Advocacy Stories, Foundation Press, New York, 2009, Chapter 3 'The Stories of Dudgeon and Toonen: Personal Struggles to Legalize Sexual Identities', Mark Bromley and Kristen Walker.
No human force can now shut them.
Long term, Amunts’ goal in working with the human brain is to create a three-dimensional atlas mapped to the structures in the brain so as to allow its complicated configuration and functions to be imaged and understood microscopically.
Some of these have been approved for human consumption in other countries, such as Easy Leaf's edible gold and silver in Italy.
Several splice variants were observed in human ESTs that differ largely in the 5’ UTR region.
As a protected species in Namibia, people are allowed to remove Namibian cheetahs only if they pose a threat to livestock or human life.
In the body, he became part of the third commission on law and human rights.
The series follows a group of human gamers seeking to beat the god of games at a series of boardgames in order to usurp the god's throne.
After that, the Sun will not be visible to the equivalent of the naked human eye, removing it from optical view even if the gravitational effects are evident.
1998-99 Member, Committee on Human Resource Development
 José Zalaquett Daher (born 1942), Chilean lawyer, and human rights activist during the General Augusto Pinochet regime
The human who comprehends this would 'negate' his will and thus be freed from the pains of existence that result from the will's ceaseless striving.
This includes use of toilets and implementation of the entire sanitation chain connected to the toilets (collection, transport, disposal or reuse of human excreta).
Doctoral students can focus in seven areas of study: Accounting; Business Analytics and Operations; Information Systems and Technology Management; Finance; Organizational Behavior and Human Resources Management; Strategic Management; Marketing.
Another Questor/Data inside joke came from a scene in which Questor discussed the human trait of "negotiating" through sexual activity, informing Robinson, "I am fully functional."
The scholars appealed to HRW to make a strong statement concerning the human rights violations and to conduct its own independent investigation into them.
The various projects must be related to the values and objectives of the Council of Europe, like human rights, democracy, rule of law, tolerance and solidarity.
The final requirements — democratic respectability and compatibility with human dignity — exclude those beliefs that reject social pluralism or that indignify other people.
In the second volume, Vorlesungen über die Menschen-und Thierseele (Lectures on the Human and Animal Mind), which Wundt wrote 16 years prior to when he started the experimental psychology program at Leipzig.
Robot (this one with a visible mouth) nicknamed "Mac" and his human partner Reed as part of the war-era Suicide Squad, a "top secret Ranger outfit" specially trained for missions no ordinary soldier was expected to survive.
's chief assistants, tried to reason with the Cockatrices, but the Toads packed him and Dulcibelle into the parcel and sent them adrift into the human world.
In the Stars of Eridani, by Matthew Moran, one of the planets in 40 Eridani A is the destination of the first human colony outside of the Sol system.
SECOND: The decision of the Minister of Justice and Human Rights Republic of Indonesia submitted to the concerned to be known and implemented properly.
Howard Larkin states that in healthcare, the CXO is "responsible for making sure every aspect of a complex delivery system consistently meets basic patient and human needs" and what it calls "operationalizing the patient experience mission."
Each section's pieces are meant to represent significant figures associated with the Civil Rights Movement during 1954 to 1964 and concepts relevant to the formation of institutions that evolved from human interaction, including government, media, and megacorporations.
According to this perspective, analyses of "big data" may improve our understandings of how particular features of music and society are interrelated and change similarly across time, as significant correlations are increasingly identified within the musico-linguistic spectrum of human auditory communication.
However, the monkey was no longer portrayed as an actor in the role of man, as was the case with the clothed monkeys of the Singerien, for examplewas common, but perceived as living beings with abilities that are hardly or not at all preserved in the human disposition.
Jobvite Onboard: a platform that houses traditional onboarding human resources materials in digitized form.
NT-501 is a product being developed by Neurotech that consists of encapsulated human cells genetically modified to secrete ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF).
"Placing ideas: genius loci, heterotopia and geography’s quantitative revolution" Progress in Human Geography 28,5 (2004) pp.
that is immediately apparent to a human, and the simulation of the kinds of errors that conversational programs typically make.
Known for his human rights pursuits, President Moon noted that the environment, life, and well being are more important than any other consideration.
She plans, produces and delivers human rights programs and events with eminent figures.
The National Human Rights Committee of the State of Qatar welcomed Ofcom's decision.
By inviting the audience to revive the virtual and metaphorical "Ancient Library of Alexandria" in her website, she synthesizes, via a near-alchemical formula, the personal-perishable with the eternal human tissue.
The substance glutamine, found in whey fiber supplements, is the most abundant free amino acid found in the human body.
Their first project is the multimedia project and feature-length film HIBRIDOS, set up in Brazil, and exploring the various cults in the country, from afro-Brazilian beliefs to more recent syncretic aspects, weaving a very complex idea of where human and spirits stands amongst the fast pace of nowadays world.
Blood for transfusion is obtained from human donors by blood donation and stored in a blood bank.
This method takes as its starting point the matrix of inter-correlations between these variables in an attempt to uncover the underlying source traits of human personality.
The Varieties of the Human Species.
The program aims to support organisations practicing public interest law and to promote movement lawyering, and provide a clear career track into public interest and human rights law for young lawyers.
As of 2007, more than 400,000 people who live in Jharia are living on land in danger of subsidence due to the fires, and according to Satya Pratap Singh, "Jharia township is on the brink of an ecological and human disaster".
The Human Rights Watch further claimed that they saw a top Karuna Eastern commander riding atop an army personnel carrier.
GameSpot criticized the dialogue in the game, stating that conversations with NPCs feel more like "consulting a travel guidebook for Calradia than actually speaking to a human being", as well as calling much of the landscape "very, very ugly".
(See Ultimate Fantastic Four Quotes) It is Sue who does research into the biomolecular basis of the Fantastic Four's powers and she manages to understand how Reed's and her brother Johnny's powers as Mister Fantastic and the Human Torch work.
Direct human contact, which the naturally wild young eagles tended to shun anyway, is minimal short of veterinary care.
The legal and human rights protection roots of transitional justice impute certain legal obligations on states undergoing transitions.
However, it is advised to include human toxicity and eco-toxicity, and include the eco-costs of global warming in the calculations on the circular economy as well.
The fire-lizard banishment probably lead to the absence of fire-lizards (once common creatures to the average human on Pern) by Moreta's time (5th or 6th Pass) and their "re-discovery" by F'nor and Menolly several hundred years later (9th pass).
She received numerous awards and distinctions for her artistic and literary work, for defending human rights and the equality between men and women.
Antigens that have been identified as potential targets for immunocontraception include the sperm-specific peptides or proteins ADAM,  LDH-C4,  sp10,  sp56,  P10G,  fertilization antigen 1 (FA-1),  sp17,  SOB2,  A9D,  CD52,  YLP12,  Eppin,  CatSper,  Izumo,  sperm associated antigen 9 (SPAG9),  80 kilodalton human sperm antigen (80 kDa HSA),  and nuclear autoantigenic sperm protein (tNASP).
"The Animated Clock" – An animated cuckoo clock that is either showing signs of trouble or whose parts come to life like a human being, sometimes it would also feature a small animated man wandering around a surreal animated world and would interact with the clock's bird.
She provides the first modern psychological definition of conscience, and clarifies the sustaining nature of conscience in human life.
The experiment was named one of the top ten human interest stories of 1933.
Constantine sued Greece at the European Court of Human Rights for €500 million in compensation for the seized property.
During their fight with Robin King, Red Tornado is sprayed with a Mortal Coil chemical that causes him to spin out of control, become human, and rip apart.
Huang and his wife, Zeng Li, from Chengdu in Sichuan, set up the website www.64tianwang.com in June 1998 to track cases of human trafficking by posting information about missing people.
 Human Papillomavirus Associated with Esophageal Cancer in Pakistan - A Retrospective Analysis.
The European Association of Lawyers for Democracy & World Human Rights said their intervention was legal and approved by the Presiding Judge at the time.
Additionally, several islands contain extensive inland grasslands, though these are thought to have resulted from human intervention.
She apologized for her vote after receiving criticism on social media from some supporters of Israel and of Palestine, but maintained her opposition to the bill due to Israel's "persistent human rights abuses against the Palestinian people".
Chucky returns to terrorize his human victim, Nica, who is confined to an asylum for the criminally insane.
With the exception of the international abductions issue regarding Japanese, Americans, and South Koreans, which it says has been fully resolved, North Korea strongly rejects all reports of human rights violations and accuses the defectors of promoting only an anti-North agenda.
Whilst heat-stress is not expected to become a large issue on land, particularly in Northern Norway, warmer conditions will support the spread of disease-bearing insects (especially those limited by the cold temperatures) and invasive species into Norway, thus increasing the vulnerability of native species, livestock and the human population alike.
According to Ebert, the film depicts Islamic society "in shrill terms", where women are "willing or unwilling captives of their men", deprived of "what in the West would be considered basic human rights".
Director, Platforms Sciences Laboratory renamed DCDS (Platforms & Human Systems),
The case has now been considered by European Court of Human Rights.
These threats include: harmful invasive species, fish and wildlife diseases, and the negative impact human development can have on the environment.
Founded in 2002, it is committed to "improving the living and welfare conditions of animals", eliminating the cruel trade of dog meat for human consumption in the Philippines, the protection and promotion of animal welfare by advocating an improvement to their living conditions and by campaigning to eliminate causes that bring about pain and discomfort to the animals.
The mission of TASH is to promote the full inclusion and participation of children and adults with significant disabilities in every aspect of their community, and to eliminate the social injustices that diminish human rights.
This field has shown promise in clinical applications, including the treatment of human eye diseases such as retinitis pigmentosa and diabetes.
From Nature is derived Fate, which is capable of enslaving the lower part of the human soul.
 Footsteps in Human Progress, secular and religious.
Instead, there are within-individual changes in criminality, due to human agency.
Human rights abuses and war crimes allegations
The human rights organization, African Rights, wrote a report that strongly criticized the government reaction and the police intimidation and violence used against Kulmiye supporters.
Brother Pedro attended to the poor, sick, orphaned, and dying, and was an early promoter of Human Rights.
On 11 September, reports revealed that in 2014, Chang Guann had also imported 87.72 tonnes of lard oil falsely listed for human consumption from Hong Kong-based Globalway Corp Ltd. (金寶運貿易) that were actually meant for animal use only.
Lord Byron uses doppelgänger imagery to explore the duality of human nature.
It is the main clinical trial venue for human health scientific studies conducted by the Weizmann Institute of Science, Tel Aviv University and Bar-Ilan University.
Annabeth and Percy inadvertently turn them back to human and escape on his ship, the Queen Anne's Revenge, leaving Blackbeard and his crew stranded.
GAO reported in 2000: "The Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of Inspector General has reported that $13.5 billion of processed Medicare fee-for-service claim payments for fiscal year 1999 may have been improperly paid for reasons that ranged from inadvertent error to outright fraud and abuse."
 "A Study of Human Nature: Atlas Shrugged", Coastal Breeze, February 2017
& Care Home, Inc. v. W. Va. Dep't of Health & Human Res., 532 U.S. 598 (2001) which held in the context of the Fair Housing Amendments Act that prevailing party status turns on whether there has been a "material alteration of the legal relationship of the parties."
The earliest archaeological evidence for human activity in the village is from the Stone Age.
During a battle in which the team is defeated by Spider-Man, the Human Torch, and the Sons of the Tiger, Crime Master shoots the new Big Man, learning belatedly that this "Big Man" was, in fact, a woman — Janice Foswell, daughter of the original and the younger Lewis' romantic interest.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission responded to the ruling by stating "We have a duty to protect everyone from discrimination and ensure that the law is applied fairly, consistently and equally for all.
For a technology to have use, it must be linked to social structures human agency and organizations to fulfill a specific need.
Sims used the surgical opportunities presented by long neglected chronic – and often incurable – cases of illness and injuries among the enslaved to sharpen his skills and stake a claim for professional celebrity – all in the context of the profits to be made from human trafficking one of the South's busiest slave markets.
The Buy Right campaign, focusing on defending human rights within university supply chains.
According to the report by the National Human Rights Council, in the construction and operation of dams in Brazil, at least 16 fundamental rights of such populations are systematically violated.
|They do not go to battle or wear arms; every weapon is under lock; peace and quiet are known and welcomed only at these times, till the goddess, weary of human intercourse, is at length restored by the same priest to her temple.
In the Opus Maximum the two forces are the ground of the finite or human realm, but the true origin of all things lies in the Trinity.
Proceedings of ACM CHI 1997 Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems, pp.
 PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human TERF1-interacting nuclear factor 2 (TINF2)
To prevent similar episodes, the Homeland Security and Health & Human Services Departments signed a memorandum of understanding in 2016, and agreed to establish joint procedures within one year for dealing with unaccompanied migrant children.
The Mission Support organization includes Human Resources Services, Leadership/Employee Development, Office of Fair Practices, Licensing and Registration Services, Finance and Administration Service, Audit and Management Review, and Information Technology.
"We want to remember Gisberta and all the Gisbertas in this country, as well as all the abused, murdered children, thrown into the river, those who disappear and women raped by their husbands, because this action was organized in defense of human rights," said João Paulo, of the organization and the Portugal Gay association.
Before and since then a permanent human presence through colonization of the Moon has been pursued and advocated for by a range of civil actors and space advocacy groups.
 Genomic Characterization of Human and Environmental Polioviruses Isolated in Albania, Applied and Environmental Microbiology, August 1999, p. 3534-3539, Vol.
In general, they are seen as beneficial to the host's body and the human health.
But on higher ground, implements were discovered by Dr. H. Otley Beyer around the Novaliches area, place that were not inundated by the rise of oscillation of sea and/or not disturbed by the infiltration of human habitation.
Courses are offered in Human Medicine and Dentistry.
According to the human rights lawyer Intigam Aliyev, attacks against Karimli are simply diverting attention from truly important issues and testing technologies to distract people's justified anger caused by the serious consequences of wrong decisions.
The hartebeest was formerly widespread in Africa, but populations have undergone drastic decline due to habitat destruction, hunting, human settlement, and competition with livestock for food.
Studies show that the human perineum is twice as long in males as in females.
An acceptance of two interacting aspects of human nature: the basic drive of material survival and the reality of man's spiritual nature, with infinite potentialities for qualities such as love, justice, and generosity.
This depicted on the reverse side the then-unfamiliar but now recognized “mushroom cloud” of a pyrocumulus explosion over a foreground covered by mutilated human bodies.
Near human habitation, it is known to snatch stray chickens, cats, and dogs on occasion.
Although the presence of evil in the world is evident, human beings cannot understand the motions of God.
1991 Bachelor of Science, Human Factors Engineering, U.S. Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, Colo.
In June 2021 she said that she intended to lodge a complaint with the UN Human Rights Committee, hoping that it would encourage all levels of government in Australia and other institutions to implement the recommendations of the 1991 Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody.
Nonetheless,  stated that their findings "should not be taken as evidence of our support of any particular concept of biological race... Genetic differences among human populations derive mainly from gradations in allele frequencies rather than from distinctive 'diagnostic' genotypes."
Similar to previous installments, the goal for the player is to develop a civilization from an early settlement through many in-game millennia to become a world power and achieve one of several victory conditions, such as through military domination, technological superiority, or cultural influence, over the other human and computer-controlled opponents.
Two human polls comprise the 1992–93 NCAA Division I women's basketball rankings, the AP Poll and the Coaches Poll, in addition to various publications' preseason polls.
Boston University Wheelock College of Education & Human Development is the school of education within Boston University.
The government has taken some proactive steps to prevent human trafficking during an international soccer tournament, identified trafficking victims, trained more counter-trafficking investigators and agents, and increased enforcement at key trafficking border crossings.
In 1950 the Council of Europe approved the draft European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR), which came into force three years later.
 Rosalina Tuyuc (born 1956), Guatemalan human rights activist
Entering the Chamber in 1996, he has sat on the following committees: human rights, religious affairs and national minorities (1996–2000); European integration (2002–2006; president from 2003); and European affairs (2004–; president), also heading a joint committee for drafting new election laws (2003–2004).
Unicode is an effort to include all characters from all currently and historically used human languages into single character enumeration (effectively one large single code page), removing the need to distinguish between different code pages when handling digitally stored text.
Carver was known for a variety of stage and film roles, including The Wars, Kronborg: 1582, Lilies, Larry's Party, Elizabeth Rex, Millennium, Shadow Dancing, and Unidentified Human Remains and the True Nature of Love.
The same amino acid change causes human familial blindness, showing how phenotyping in animals can inform medical diagnostics and possibly therapy.
 Afghanistan International Human Rights Film Festival
He concludes the book with the way the human mind comes to know the basic truths or primary premises or first principles, which are not innate, because people may be ignorant of them for much of their lives.
Ruhrberg moved to Imperial College London to study genomic organisation in the human surfeit locus.
He also stressed the importance of public discussion (understanding democracy in the sense of John Stuart Mill) and a focus on people's capabilities (an approach that he had co-developed), including the notion of universal human rights, in evaluating various states with regard to justice.
The Earth as Transformed by Human Action: Global and Regional Changes in the Biosphere over the Past 300 Years.
They can also fly in swarms without human aid to perform surveillance functions.
Bagan survived into the 15th century a human settlement, and as a pilgrimage destination throughout the imperial period.
It has been cited by researchers studying human attitudes toward animals, including professor Marian Scholtmeijer of the University of Northern British Columbia, professor David Starr-Glass of Empire State College, and doctoral candidate Venetia Laura Delano Robertson.
The next day, UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay urged government and opposition forces to allow an investigation and Ban requested the government provide immediate access.
To capture the theme of synchronicity, which fascinated Post since youth, he wrote God and Love on Route 80: The Hidden Mystery of Human Connectedness (Mango Publishing Group, 2019).
Rue finds out she's not the Raven's daughter, but a human child he stole to serve him.
Canine lymphoma prevalence has been increasing over the years similar to the incidence of human lymphoma cases.
Log Cabin Republicans call attention to the cruel and abusive treatment of gays and lesbians worldwide, particularly as it coincides with authoritarian regimes renowned for supporting terrorism and disregarding other basic human rights."
He is known for his research on sexual selection in human evolution.
The case was heard in June and July 2008, and the Tribunal in its decision recorded overall conclusions that the "discrimination...[was of]...a kind justified in a free and democratic society", and that there had been no breach of the Human Rights Act.
On 2 September 2008, it was reported that several soldiers' mothers had sent letter to Commissioner for Human Rights in Perm Krai.
This is especially surprising since many colonies are destroyed through human intervention.
De-Mo left the Demon World on a whim to see if a human could find any use for the magic eyeshadow that he makes, which had become very unpopular in the Demon World.
Although more recent claims include treatment of a wide variety of conditions including cancer, heart disease, schizophrenia as well as providing improvement in oxygen utilization, there is no significant evidence for any of these claims or that it is safe for human use.
Nussbaum champions multiculturalism in the context of ethical universalism, defends scholarly inquiry into race, gender, and human sexuality, and further develops the role of literature as narrative imagination into ethical questions.
The donations were used as an evidence in the court in which he was found guilty of supporting and propagating sympathies towards movements oppressing fundamental human rights and was sentenced to four years and four months in prison.
Indian Muslims have opposed chanting her name because human forms cannot be defied in Islam.
The Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security also decided to put the new semester off for all vocational education facilities.
Jonathan Bate in the Guardian described the novel as ‘stylish, assured and thoughtful’ while the Mail on Sunday’s reviewer described it as ‘a terrifying journey into the dark recesses of the human soul’, adding that its ‘evocation of the native [Australian] flora and fauna is inspiring.’
The successful Kickstarter campaign was endorsed by The HuffPost, who quoted Beck:  "This is not an LGBTQ story; this is a human story."
The law was challenged and taken to the European Court of Human Rights, which upheld the law on 1 July 2014, accepting the argument of the French government that the law was based on "a certain idea of living together".
ABCB5 is an ABC transporter and P-glycoprotein family member principally expressed in physiological skin and human malignant melanoma.
Imperata grasslands are caused by human activities such as logging, forest clearing for shifting cultivation, agriculture and grazing, and also by frequent fires.
Current distribution is shrinking, most likely due to pollution and human encroachment on habitat.
It belongs to the genre of Itihasa, narratives of past events (), interspersed with teachings on the goals of human life.
The United Nations Decade for Women was a period from 1975 to 1985 focused on the policies and issues that impact women, such as pay equity, gendered violence, land holding, and other human rights.
(1) was a driving force in developing the size of human brains and 
The world's first rock tunnel boring machine (TBM) was invented in 1952 by James S. Robbins for the Oahe Dam project, which marked the beginning of machines replacing human tunnelers.
This game is a test for the human brain to process sounds based on simpler English-written sounds into a meaningful word or phrase.
2009 “Top Job Award” for exceptional human resource management
Other by-products of human metabolism, such as methane from the intestines and ammonia from sweat, are removed by activated charcoal filters.
On this platform, the report of the Standing Committee on Environmental Rights of the Presidential Council for Civil Society and Human Rights of the Russian Federation was published, named “The Green Turn”.
In human anatomy, the superficial temporal artery is a major artery of the head.
Meanwhile, The Film Daily gave the picture a very positive review, calling it "...a human story packed with laughs."
Because human languages contain biases, machines trained on language corpora will necessarily also learn these biases.
The Institute for International Connections, Avanta Network, and the International Human Learning Resources Network are concrete examples of teaching people how to connect with one another and then extend the connections.
Turf-cutters James Dolphin, Thomas Rodgers and John Spain uncovered a human skeleton while working on Dolphin's bank, located towards the centre of Stoneyisland Bog.
The most common human vaccine is the trivalent influenza vaccine that contains purified and inactivated material from three viral strains.
Chitragupta fears that if the book is seen by the human beings, chaos will happen.
Since most animals have two ears, many of the effects of the human auditory system can also be found in other animals.
A study on Paleolithic faunal remains from the Manot Cave (Israel), comparing human and hyena prey choice in the Upper Paleolithic Galilee, is published online by Orbach & Yeshurun (2019).
The phrase "not in Heaven" is understood to justify human authority to interpret the Torah.
The mandate of the CNVJ was to begin an investigation regarding human rights violations that occurred during the three year coup d'état that begun September 30, 1991 until Aristide's return to power in October 1994.
In Provincializing Europe (2000), Dipesh Chakrabarty charts the subaltern history of the Indian struggle for independence, and counters Eurocentric, Western scholarship about non-Western peoples and cultures, by proposing that Western Europe simply be considered as culturally equal to the other cultures of the world; that is, as "one region among many" in human geography.
In December 1938 Fay demonstrated that human rectal temperature could be reduced to , or below, for many hours without apparent injury to the patient.
Many of his albums would qualify as classics in their genre, deploying native wisdom, folklore and wit, mixed with sparse syncopation and antiphony, relying heavily on the human voice and its inflections to lift the spirit.
At first very grateful to be human again, Alec soon overheard Arcane discussing his evil intentions now that he could carry them out.
Mound II had a diameter of 33 m; its central chamber contained an urn with cremated human remains, dated by accompanying finds to c. 850 BC.
As part of this transition, the company also began to centralize company-wide its procurement, warehousing, inventory control, distribution, marketing, payroll and human resources operations.
Benefits of this approach include that it contemplates no new legal rules governing the use of force, but rather opens an "emergency exit" when there is a tension between the rules governing the use of force and the protection of fundamental human rights.
Based on the type of receptor through which they signal, human interferons have been classified into three major types.
In 1350 the Black Death, one of the deadliest pandemics in human history, struck in Hamburg killing more than 6,000, half of the city's population.
Hospital infections are the unexpected side-effect of antibiotic resistance, and even human population growth leading to environmental degradation is the side effect of various technological (i.e., agricultural and industrial) revolutions.
Cesare Lombroso, a pioneering psychiatrist, began utilising evolutionary theory to explain mental disorder as early as 1864, proposing that insanity was the price of genius, as human brains had not evolved with the capacity to become hyper-intelligent and creative and yet remain sane.
In The Handbook of Human Computation, Pietro Michelucci (ed.
There are efforts using machine learning and computer vision that attempt to identify and extract information from web pages by interpreting pages visually as a human being might.
Technological Processes based always on (Material, Equipment, Human skills and operating circumstances.
Material relationality in human engagements with water.
Even a small amount of force, acting across the length of the human body, creates a moment that can make moving about difficult.
Condillac's approach to scientific research, which was the basis of Lavoisier's  approach in Traité, was to demonstrate that human beings could create a mental representation of the world using gathered evidence.
It assesses technological challenges, dangers and opportunities facing the human race.
Methylated C residues spontaneously deaminate to form T residues; hence CpG dinucleotides steadily mutate to TpG dinucleotides, which gives rise to the under-representation of CpG dinucleotides in the human genome (they occur at only 21% of the expected frequency).
The vampire's socialization is paradoxical: on the one hand, he was and, to some extent, remains human.
For this, and as is said for his view, stated below, of the corporeity of the human soul, he incurred the enmity of the Arian Euric, King of the Visigoths, who had gained possession of a large portion of Southern Gaul, and was banished from his see.
Studies on cultured immortalized human dermal keratinocyte (i.e.
The guiding principles for the QNV are based on human, social, economic and environmental development.
It occurs in large rivers, is considered harmless to human,.
Human rights in the Israeli administered areas during the Intifada, 1987–1990.
Human Capital (2013) - Dino Ossola
The presence of clay licks and nests where macaws are predictable and can be habituated to human presence increases the value of each macaw and therefore of the whole area.
Our understanding of the geographic origins, evolution and biogeography of the parasites themselves and human diseases associated with them  has also benefitted tremendously from archaeoparasitological studies.
Chatwin explored several different themes in his work: human restlessness and wandering; borders and exile; and art and objects.
In January 2012, the Ombudsman's Office (the renamed National Human Rights Office since 2007) recommended that the Parliament not introduce same-sex registered partnerships.
The plants and animals of Perris Valley have changed considerably over the last two hundred years due to human activity, but its natural history can be intriguing.
In a sociological sense, idealism emphasizes how human ideas—especially beliefs and values—shape society.
When the Beast asks if she knows that he can't live without her, Rose answers yes, and the Beast turns into a human.
Human settlement in the territory of present-day Petrovaradin has been traced as far back as the Stone Age (about 4500 BC).
The ASTM definition for a perpetual resource is "one that is virtually inexhaustible on a human time-scale".
The practice of human placentophagy has become a more recent trend in western cultures and is not without controversy; its practice being considered cannibalism is debated.
For Heller, the Body was central to human identity.
Generally, pressure suits work by either indirectly compressing the human body, or directly compressing it.
This time-lag effect is of great importance to the growth rates of human populations.
Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana were placed on the 2009 US State Department's Tier 2 Watch List for human trafficking due in part to the trafficking of children in cocoa production.
Since ~3000 yr BP (= years Before Present), human impact is seen in the delta.
Fisheries production consists mainly of seafood goods which are marketed for human consumption, but also of non-edible fisheries products, such as pearls and fish meal.
At the University of Western Australia (Department of Human Movement and Exercise Science), three-dimensional kinematic measurements of Muttiah Muralitharan's bowling arm were taken using an optical motion capture system while he bowled his doosra.
In the first human study of BIBW 2992, the maximum tolerated dose in a two-week-on, two-week off schedule was 70 mg once-daily.
Although there have been animal studies that showed that entacapone was excreted into maternal rat milk, there have been no studies with human breast milk.
However, tigers cause more human deaths through direct attack than any other wild mammal.
As much as his nigh-incestuous passion and his subsequent jealousy may be credible and touching, they are low in the human emotional scale and are obviously seamy and ignoble.
Massive amounts of protein sequence data are produced by modern large-scale DNA sequencing efforts such as the Human Genome Project.
The award consisted of a grant of C$25,000, as well as a speaking tour of Canadian cities to help increase awareness of the recipient’s human rights work.
It's a victory of hate politics — hate towards equal rights, towards immigration, and towards the primacy of human rights ... it's the most impressive case of the post-financial-crisis cycle of the  of political systems."
Furthermore, the Inter-American Court of Human Rights has issued a ruling that is expected to facilitate recognition in several countries in the Americas.
She graduated from Daemen College with a bachelor's degree in physical therapy and earned a master's degree in human movement science from the University of North Carolina.
He was considered to have shifted the focus of philosophy from a study of the natural world, as was the case for pre-Socratic philosophers, to a study of human affairs.
"Can We Pretend" is a song recorded by American singer Pink for her eighth studio album, Hurts 2B Human (2019).
Power, production, and social reproduction : human in/security in the global political economy (2003)
The plate depicts a Garuda (the Paramara royal emblem) in human form, about to strike a snake held in its left arm.
Since the first wells were made thousands of years ago, groundwater systems have been changed by human activity.
These included changes to the membership of the National Human Rights Commission, changes to procedures to reduce delays in following up recommendations and a broadening of the commission's scope.
People with SAD may be addicted to social media networks, have sleep deprivation, and feel good when they avoid human interactions.
In 1932 the Detroit Police Department arrested an NOI member for a murder which they claimed was a human sacrifice.
He identified the ability of heparin, a common blood thinner, to block the virus' ability to bind to its human receptor target.
Dornase alfa (proprietary name Pulmozyme from Genentech) is a highly purified solution of recombinant human deoxyribonuclease I (rhDNase), an enzyme which selectively cleaves DNA.
This assessment is also allowing industry to redirect efforts toward products and processes that reduce solders' environmental footprint, including energy consumption, releases of toxic chemicals, and potential risks to human health and the environment.
I believed only when justice and freedom existed could human problems be solved.
It was suggested that Journalists Educators’ Association of New Zealand (JEANZ) and the Human Rights Commission (HRC) work together to develop a "practical toolkit for journalists" to encourage and facilitate reporting.
The JFBA and human rights groups have criticized the prison system, with its emphasis on strict discipline and obedience to numerous rules.
American Continental wrote rules saying that Estrella homeowners could not "intentionally terminat[e] a human pregnancy" or possess "adult material", but removed them once Keating was informed that such covenants were unconstitutional.
Principal P. Robinan Gentry co-authored “Evaluation of gene expression changes in human primary uroepithelial cells following 24-Hr.
 Ramiro Otero Lugones (1928–2013), Bolivian lawyer, docent and human rights defender
Conservative Judaism has largely ignored this practice in the past, but recently has begun to reevaluate its silence in this area and to consider the spiritual implications of mikvah immersion for human sexuality and for women.
Griffin's work includes investigating the potential role of human B1 cells and natural antibodies in the development of HIV-associated malignancies.
She rejoined the Department of Health and Human Services to serve as an advisor to the Assistant Secretary for Health and Chief of Staff of the HHS.
She has a lot of experience on TV commercials and also a good VIP while in human form.
Conservative denominations generally oppose same-sex sexual relations based on Old Testament and New Testament texts that describe human sexual relations as strictly heterosexual by God's design (Genesis ; ; Matthew ; 1 Corinthians ; Ephesians ), which God declared "very good" (Genesis ).
Human FAM154A has a ciliary localization sequence.
While no tissue analysis was present on Allen Brain Atlas or genepaint, the Human Protein Atlas suggested that the gene was more highly expressed in heart, prostate, and a and fat tissues .
He also added "I have engaged in direct communications with Google regarding the proliferation of these videos, but while they profess a desire to help, in reality they do nothing ... [I met with] Google Director of Global Human Rights regarding specific content and our attempts to have it removed.
According to statistics provided by Eurostat, in 2010–2012 there was a total of 231 registered victims of human trafficking in Finland.
 bRIGHT–Workstations of the Future and Leveraging Contextual Models, R Senanayake, G Denker, P Lincoln, International Conference on Human Interface and the Management of Information, 2018
Its members work on a non-party political, non-sectarian basis for a united Ireland, and human rights.
Most of Miesenböck's work continues to be done with Drosophila melanogaster (fruit flies), where it is possible to gain detailed insight into molecular, cellular, and physiological mechanisms of brain function that may relate to human health.
Because there were no animal studies yet at the Institute, Sachs started working on a theory that human amniotic fluid, which bathes the baby in the womb, contains fetal cells that provide information about the fetus.
Agent is a concrete actor, such as a human individual or machine.
Just as works of the Renaissance period expressed human values and sensibilities, Mendini contributed to bringing into the heart of design those “values” and “sensibilities” that have been eclipsed by commercialism and functionalism.
Sophia - Wise and fully human, equal and not at all an object 
Although a few forms of behavior may be sex-specific, in general they reflect patterns of power and control between the sexes, which are found in all human groups, regardless of sex composition.
Al-Mizan Center for Human Rights published a report about violating the right of expression in Gaza.
He knew what he was doing; he knew that he was crushing the skull of a human being with an iron bar.
Dominance and prestige hierarchies are naturally occurring in human groups.
Instead, wildcats, such as the species Felis silvestris, began exploiting new resources offered by human environments, such as a proliferation of rodents in grain stores.
Of Mechanical Arrangement in the human Frame
While east coast universities did not see human communication as an important area for research, the field grew in the midwest.
Chromosomal makeup is important in human psychology.
This exchange goes in both directions – sometimes the technology appears first in science fiction, then becomes reality (such as space travel) and other times the real technology comes first, and science fiction authors speculate about how it might be used, and how it might affect the human condition.
Maria Luisa Cuesta Vila (26 May 1920 Soriano - 21 November 2018 Montevideo) was an Uruguayan human rights activist.
In each of the three Not Quite Human films, Chip is at a distinct level of development in his social awareness.
Raoul Peck also received the Nestor Almendros Prize of Human Rights Watch in 1994.
 The Division of Human Resources
Two players can either race against each other along with other computer-controlled racers or engage in the "Mano a Mano" mode, in which the two human players are the only competing racers on the track.
Using a shared software approach called SaaS, or software as a service, workers and teams can share files securely as well as access the company's databases, file sharing, telecommunications/unified communications, Customer relationship management (CRM), video teleconferencing, human resources, IT service management, accounting, IT security, web analytics, web content management, e-mail, calendars and much more.
A number of NHRD-related efforts by international and national stakeholders have been focused on a particular form of human resources – namely, skills.
From June 1 to November 1, 2001, Tkeshelashvili was a lawyer at Lawyers' Committee of Human Rights in New York City, from December 2002 until May 2003, interned at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in the Hague, Netherlands.
TMEM63 is ubiquitously expressed throughout the human body at varying levels, occurring with the highest relative prevalence in CD 8+ T cells and CD 4+ T cells.
At the ground level, the tower meets the street at the human scale, with conical extrusions that downplay its verticality near the entrance.
Lidia Muhtarovna Yusupova (Лидия Мухтаровна Юсупова) (born September 15, 1961 in Grozny, Soviet Union) is the Coordinator of the law office of the Moscow-based human rights organization Memorial.
The range of the common myna is increasing at such a rapid rate that in 2000 the IUCN Species Survival Commission declared it one of the world's most invasive species and one of only three birds listed among "100 of the World's Worst Invasive Species" that pose a threat to biodiversity, agriculture and human interests.
This play is a direct result of reaching out to Muriel Stanley Venne, Chair of the Aboriginal Commission on Human Rights and Justice, and President of the Institute for the Advancement of Aboriginal Women.
He has made several trips to South Africa, working with organizations of African lawyers engaged in the struggle to end apartheid, and after the release of Nelson Mandela from prison, to lecture on human rights issues and to advise the African National Congress on issues in drafting a new constitution.
The tarsian hypothesis of Jones, which he held to from 1918 until his death, claimed that the human line of development did not diverge from that of apes or monkeys but from much earlier, before the Oligocene 30 million years ago, from a common ancestor with a primitive primate group of which the only other survivor is the Tarsier.
Margaret Atwood's characters struggle against the way 'consumer images express role-engulfment as an omnipresent fate'—strive to 'escape from role-engulfment...from this alienating cultural definition of personality and human relations'.
"Freud and Piaget on Childhood Memory," Piaget, Philosophy, and the Human Sciences, ed.
As a result of the decision, common functions among American Stores' operating divisions (procurement, distribution logistics, payroll, human resources, etc.)
There have been studies conducted that suggest that the mercury levels in the redfin (and most likely other predatory fish in the reservoir) are higher than is regarded safe for human consumption.
Lieberman Aiden was part of a team of scientists from the University of Massachusetts Medical School and MIT that first suggested human DNA folds into a fractal globule rather than an equilibrium globule.
On  2007, a federal court struck down Videla's presidential pardon and restored his convictions for human rights abuses.
Her goal is to get The Presence to recall his blocked memory of his human origins, which would allow his icy domain to melt and enable the angels and demons to destroy their common enemy.
The History of Torquay, a town in Torbay, on the south coast of the county of Devon, England, starts some 450,000 years ago with early human artefacts found in Kents Cavern.
In 2016 Carlos Blaquier and Ledesma executives sent her an intimidatory letter as she prepared to travel to Jujuy to receive complaints of grave human rights violations in the province of then-governor Gerardo Morales.
Computational anatomy is the study of shape and form at the morphome or gross anatomy millimeter, or morphology scale, focusing on the study of sub-manifolds of  points, curves surfaces and subvolumes of human anatomy.
Among the 600 refugees already recognized are mostly Pakistanis and few Somalis, many of whom belong to the Ahmadiya community that fled religious persecution in Pakistan, while the Somalis have been a victims of human trafficking.
Data for the study is drawn from a combination of publicly accessible case law records, periodicals, and covers investigations, arrests, prosecutions and/or convictions of human trafficking cases brought by local, state (or provincial), federal, and international law enforcement authorities around the world.
The average bite force of a human being is 126 pounds per square inch, (PSI).
Broadly speaking, the first is that human beings are responsible for the life choices they make.
Thus, the "Dasein" or human existence will cease to exist.
The monitors were known for eating shrews on Guam, but the introduction of the brown tree snake (Boiga irregularis) led to decreased shrew numbers, prompting the monitors to switch to eating invertebrates and foraging through human garbage.
This article contains content derived from the "Casenote: Monis v The Queen [2013] HCA 4",  Australian Human Rights Commission 2013, which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
According to Human Rights Watch, beginning in 2008, as part of the urban renewal campaign in Baku, thousands of homeowners were evicted from their houses in many parts of the city to make way for parks, business centers, and elite residential areas.
It was believed that a fox would place skulls on its head, and the one that fit would transform it into a human being.
The pre-Socratic intellectual revolution is widely considered to have been the first step towards liberation of the human mind from the mythical world and initiated a march towards reason and scientific thought that yielded modern western philosophy and science.
International human rights agencies have criticized Monaco for sending all long-term prisoner citizens to France, as well as the conditions in which prisoners detained more than 24 hours have been held.
Kurzweil traces the philosophical underpinnings of this tenet, as well as the opposing view that properties such as consciousness and free will are unique to the human mind.
2016                “Catherine McAuley and the Dignity of the Human Person,” MercyNews, the online newsletter of Mercy International Association (MIA), November 16, 2016.
Autopilot only gives cars limited autonomy, and human drivers are expected to maintain situational awareness and take over as needed.
in Liberal Studies generally undertakes a variety of subjects, including: literature and language studies, mathematics, visual and performing arts, physical education, history and social sciences, science, and human development.
Marie-Hélène Lefaucheux (26 February 1904 – 25 February 1964) was a French women's and human rights activist.
LEF is a founding member of The Canadian Community Economic Development Network and active on membership and Human Capital Development Committees and on the Policy Council.
Rilotumumab (previously AMG102) is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of solid tumors.
Very often, the killings have been described as part of a wider pattern of human rights abuses committed by American forces in Iraq.
Pashteen thanked the Afghan President Ashraf Ghani, the previous President Hamid Karzai, and other leaders, political parties, and human rights activists in Afghanistan, Pakistan, and other countries for demanding for Pashteen's release during his month-long detention.
The 24 March 1976, military coup resulted in Bussi's appointment as Governor of Tucumán, and in the worsening of an already repressive human and legal rights situation.
The population of this species is drastically declining due to human disruptions.
Accepting this request, the protagonist awakens as Lugh Tuatha Dé and swears to finally live his life to its fullest as a human being and not as a tool.
 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration major in Human Resources Management
Compared to the SwissProt collection of human proteins, REEP5 is composed of normal percentages of all amino acids.
Manoharan grew up in a Christian mission compount in India, being a member of the Dalit caste, he has witnessed the human rights discrimination first hand; " Being an Untouchable (Dalit) and a grass root activist for the last 30 years, I am familiar with the life experience – the pathos and sufferings, hopes and faith - of the discriminated and oppressed."
Writing as the president of the Syrian Human Rights Association, he demanded the lifting of the Emergency Law.
In April 2018, Abiy Ahmed became Prime Minister and promised multiple reforms in terms of human rights.
However, Synelle plans on releasing him by providing Al'Kiir a “bride” through human sacrifice and enlist his power in obtaining the throne.
His graduate research with Conrad Elvehjem concerned nicotinic acid as a treatment for canine blacktongue, with implications for human pellagra.
One of the cosmonauts finds bits of a journal written in Russian, a diary of life aboard the spacecraft written by the abducted Russian woman, the ship's sole human occupant.
According to Sandor Rado, an influential analyst in New York who helped found the psychoanalytic center at Columbia University, "The characteristic of that time was a neglect of a human being's emotional life ... Everybody was looking for oral, pregenital, and genital components in motivation.
This recommendation has been evaluated by the US Department of Health and Human Services’ Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, who concur that the benefit of implementing the guideline recommendations would be a reduction on nausea and vomiting of pregnancy.
In his capacity as a constitutional and human rights lawyer, Benson has written and lectured extensively in the area of ethics, virtues and pluralism, and acted as an advisor in the fields of medical ethics and bioethics across Canada, Saudi Arabia, Eastern Europe, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand.
The government funds a "Program of Support and Protection of Victims of Trafficking in Human Beings", available for both foreign and Czech victims, and provides for both short-term and longer-term assistance.
In his photo images he captured not only landscapes and monuments but also human beings as well as their rituals.
Location wise, the hometown of Akari Sakura, the series's main human protagonist is based on the town of Hayama, Kanagawa.
Obstetrics: Marisa López-Teijón, Álex García-Faura, Alberto Prats-Galino, and Luis Pallarés Aniorte, for showing that a developing human fetus responds more strongly to music that is played electromechanically inside the mother's vagina than to music that is played electromechanically on the mother's belly.
The International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), and its member states, therefore adopted James Reason's model of causation in 1993 in an effort to better understand the role of human factors in aviation accidents.
During the early 1960s, Seaborg became concerned with the ecological and biological effects of nuclear weapons, especially those that would impact human life significantly.
Monograph: "Street Children in Kosovo"; Finnish Human Rights Program in Kosovo in Three Languages (English, Albanian, Serbian), 2004
If the poultice is infected with plerocercoid larvae, the human may become infected.
A nonbuilding structure, also referred to simply as a structure, refers to any body or system of connected parts used to support a load that was not designed for continuous human occupancy.
As the urban ecotourism industry grows in a given area, the local economy and culture may be better insulated from adverse effects and should accordingly be able to significantly increase economic and human development.
The argument also took place during the beginning of the Enlightenment and the Rubenists found support in John Locke's Essay Concerning Human Understanding (1690), which argued that all ideas derived from experience and that none were innate.
Their Ninus is the legendary founder and eponym of the city of Ninus, referring to Ninevah, while Belus, though sometimes treated as a human, is identified with the god Bel.
 Michele Infante (2013), "Information", in New Atlantis, Nature and Human Sciences and Complexity Journal Year 28th – n° 2 – Jul / Dec 2013 pp.
These proteins can cause allergic reactions if they bind with human IgE antibodies.
Ranging through the east of Africa from Darfur in Sudan to Tanzania, it is found in dry savanna, papyrus swamps, and near human habitation.
John Irving Bentley (1874–1966), American physician and alleged victim of spontaneous human combustion
A 2020 study using the 2011–12 NHANES database found that either triclosan concentrations are too low in the human body to cause a significant impact on male serum testosterone levels or that there is no association between triclosan and male serum testosterone levels.
Human Resource Management Service is managed by the director of the service, who is responsible for his work to the secretary general of the Government of Serbia.
Leibniz: New Essays on Human Understanding.
Koun-an Roshi founded Ningen Zen, "Zen cultivation of the human spirit".
 Human behavior during fire events
In the winter of 1984/5, strong winds felled two trees above a shell midden and exposed ancient human remains of a child, a young adult female and an older male.
The foundation of the Centre was welcomed by the human rights defenders present and all attendees rose to pay their respects to the memory of S. Khalra.
After the series reached an unresolved cliffhanger, a game entitled "Mega Man X DiVE" was released by Capcom Taiwan in which a human plays Mega Man X, until due in part to some corrupted data known as Maverick Data, he/she gets transported into the Deep Log, a massive database with data on every Mega Man game.
Each congregation selects delegates to serve at an Annual Conference (sometimes called annual meeting), which is the final human authority in questions of faith and practice.
The plant is only known in human cultivation and is commonly used as a house plant.
Radical criminologists reject the legalistic definition of crime for one centered in the violations of human rights.
This claim implies both that human thinking is a kind of symbol manipulation (because a symbol system is necessary for intelligence) and that machines can be intelligent (because a symbol system is sufficient for intelligence).
The regular antagonists of the series; the  are an assortment of monstrous creatures that usually dwell in the rural areas and consume human beings as food.
The major factor in the schism was the increasing intimacy between the LSDSP and the For Human Rights in United Latvia Bloc, considered to be excessively pro-Russian by the more nationalist members in Baldzēns' breakaway wing of the party.
David Harvey – eminent human geographer.
Local time must be taken into consideration, picking intervals with less human induced noise.
It is notable, however, that "the obligations of gratitude and revenge are the fundamental human motives for Herodotus, just as ... they are the primary stimulus to the generation of narrative itself."
North also has a number of academies: the Education and Human Services Academy, the Law and Protective Services Academy, and the Global Business Information and Technology Academy.
Parabacteroides goldsteinii  is a Gram-negative, obligately anaerobic non-spore-forming and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Parabacteroides which has been isolated from human blood.
However, it is revealed that these limbs are in fact made from human bone.
The orchid has a foul smell that has variously been described as "corral of horses, asafetida, strong cheese, human feet, sweaty clothing, or simply disagreeable".
The United Nations Human Rights Office has denounced "widespread and systematic use of excessive force" against demonstrators, saying security forces and pro-government groups were responsible for the deaths of at least 73 protesters.
The General Representation and the Flemish administration also work with South Africa on youth policy, human rights and good governance.
Moreover, a combination of gene flow from Eurasia back into Africa and higher rates of genetic drift among East Asians compared to Europeans led these human populations to diverge from one another at different times.
The framework underscores a set of principles that, when applied to the Internet, aim to achieve an open, global and secure Internet, by highlighting the relevance of human rights as a whole, as well as openness, accessibility and multistakeholder participation.
Human experience teaches that when a wife has been seduced she hates her husband and will not hesitate at any means to destroy him in order that she may gratify her illicit love.
Abundance is a 2021 novel by Jakob Guanzon about wealth inequality, and human worth.
As the human component of cyber risk is particularly relevant in determining the global cyber risk an organization is facing, security awareness training, at all levels, not only provides formal compliance with regulatory and industry mandates but is considered essential in reducing cyber risk and protecting individuals and companies from the great majority of cyber threats.
The main hypothesis of the human capital theory is that women might earn lower wages because they have on average lower education, less training and less work experience.
The films are about a future period of human civilization defined as the Iberoamerican Era when Latin America becomes the central cultural power of the World after Hollywood collapsed, until the rising of Bolivia as a confederation, taking all the Americas as its own territory.
He has reported repeatedly on human rights issues and environmental scandals in China.
Human casualties amounted to 17,240 personnel at sea.
Madness, which is not at all gloomy, scary and desolating, but instead more ordinary, more human, less bitter.
This was followed by a second Lowell course, in 1855, on the "Education of the Human Race," which was widely repeated.
 Echovirus, short for "enteric cytopathic human orphan" virus
Lying on the ground, he watched people who had human remains on a butcher's block, and saw three of them leave with a package, travelling in the direction of the lake.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov stated that "It is one thing to fire at the water even though these waters are disputed, quite another to fire at the land, at human settlements.
Trained in human resources management development program Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration.
Birney noted that, though the exact number was still unknown, there was no doubt that the number of human genes was much less than 26,000, and he announced that 21,000 was the best estimate in a 2003 talk.
He moved in 1950 to the Medical Research Council laboratories in Hampstead to work under Professor Otto Edholm in the Department of Human Physiology as head of the Laboratory of Field Physiology.
Owing to a lack of funding and human resources, an arms embargo that made it difficult to re-establish a national security force, and general indifference on the part of the international community, Yusuf found himself obliged to deploy thousands of troops from Puntland to Mogadishu to sustain the battle against insurgent elements in the southern part of the country.
He states also that owning property is not only beneficial for a person and their family, but is in fact a right, due to God having "given the earth for the use and enjoyment of the whole human race".
Fiordland, the western part of the region, is almost totally devoid of permanent human settlement.
Hamid Golpira (Persian: حمید گل پیرا; January 16, 1960 – July 7, 2015) was an Iranian-American journalist, author and human rights activist.
According to the traditional Māori mythology, the art of carving, weaving, and tattooing were not born of the human world.
Talbot Ross has served on the Judiciary, Health & Human Services, and Criminal Justice & Public Safety committees, as well as the Maine State Advisory Committee for the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights.
Schmid is perhaps best known for his starring role as 470-year-old vampire Henry Fitzroy on Lifetime's supernatural drama series Blood Ties, and for his recurring role as Aidan Waite's vampire progeny Henry on the Syfy series Being Human.
This is the oldest recorded human settlement in east Malaysia.
In the 1970s, physicist and space activist Gerard K. O'Neill developed a large plan to build human settlements in outer space to solve the problems of overpopulation and limits to growth on earth without recourse to political repression.
Triveni goes to the sorcerer Bhairavnath who helps her in trying to bring Amrita to the human world so she can be finished off forever.
As City Year's Senior Vice President of Civic Leadership and Chief People and Program Officer, Gordon led and oversaw the People and Program Group, including the Departments of Human Resources, Recruiting, Research and Evaluation, Program Development, and the Office of the Dean.
Over the course of the century, the increase of the human population on Mindoro has exposed the island's sole tamaraw population to severe anthropogenic pressures.
In 1999, the Special Rapporteur of the United Nations Human Rights Commission expressed concern about the lack of response from Saudi Arabia to inquiries about the circumstances of detained persons.
Malta is now ranked number one in the ILGA-Europe (International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association) ranking of all 49 countries in Europe in terms of their respect for human rights and equality.
He received numerous awards for his research on human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 (HTLV-1), a retrovirus which causes adult T-cell leukemia.
Momohime and Kisuke are each accompanied and watched over by a kitsune in human form.
Due to a large amount of new research done on the human microbe and more information on bacteria, many species of bacteria have been renamed and re-classified.
In his workshop can be found double decked boats, church buildings with miniature people, and animals such as lions, roosters and owls with savage human faces.
He has been conquering the western-themed Braneworld of  when he comes across the Go-ongers and battles them before intending to enter the Human World.
It bears special patterns of brightly colored glass beads and human hair, which are undoubtedly attributable to the Hollow Horn Bear family and prove personal possession prior to 1906. . . . For Chief Duane Hollow Horn Bear and his family, the return of the shirt is like the return of the great-grandfather himself.”
In 2043, a nuclear exchange wiped out 80% of the human population.
Unable to gain employment as a female umpire, on March 19, 1969, Gera filed a sex discrimination case under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act with the New York State Human Rights Commission.
Notably, a total of 26 species in the gut and oral cavity were identified as potential human pathogenic bacteria:
Elisha himself acts as a 'traveling temple, a human "tabernacle" that bears the life-giving glory of Yahweh', supplying the northern Israel what they could have gotten from the temple in Jerusalem: the water of life and cleansing, food, access to the presence of God.
Instead of modelling aspects of human intelligence via symbol manipulation, this approach is aimed at real-time interaction and viable responses to a dynamic lab or office environment.
Early uses for the Stanley bottle included flying with the pilots on B-17s during World War II, carrying human organs, transporting bull semen by the cattle industry, and accompanying crews on deep sea explorations.
Also, there has been demonstrated fully passive crosswind-kite-power source where natural frequencies of a system do permit the absence of human or robot controls; actually, anyone seeing a kited wing toss left and then right in constant motion is seeing a primitive passively controlled crosswind-kite-power source.
Member, Committee on Human Resource Development
In July 2016 the Anti-Slavery Commissioner suggested that the number of crimes being reported and investigated under the act was falling short of the real number of cases of human trafficking and modern slavery.
It was devoted to health care, focusing on the human body, physical fitness, medicine and nutrition.
In his autobiography, Dunne regretted that he did not make the film he first imagined, "a Kafkaesque tale of the denial of human rights," "a story (the true one) of unseen terror, of a man fighting in the dark against unseen enemies," unable to draw upon his constitutional rights to defend himself.
The Lives to Come: The Genetic Revolution and Human Possibilities (Simon and Schuster [US], Penguin [UK], January 1996, paperback editions 1997).
According to the United States Department of Homeland Security, "The consequences of unintentional faults or malicious attacks [on cyber-physical systems] could have severe impact on human lives and the environment."
In 2018, Coda Story and Reveal won The Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Award for their collaborative radio documentary “Russia’s New Scapegoats,” which explores the human costs as well as the political reasons behind the Kremlin's war on gay people.
In the second episode, Human Tornado, former partner of Gowen in The Pimp and Gimp Connection, saw heel manager Scott D'Amore leaving Kennedy's dressing room and grew suspicious.
As Jaffa searched a newspaper articles clipping, one about pet chimpanzees that become troublesome to their owners and heartbroken for not adapting well to the human environment intrigued him.
His most recent book, Testosterone Dreams, is a history of the use of hormone treatments for lifestyle and performance enhancement during the last century, in the context of an analysis of modern society's ever-increasing use of chemical enhancements in general and its effect on human self-image.
The Atlantic Council presented its Freedom Award to BAJ, the Belarus Free Theater and the Human Rights Center Viasna in 2011.
He decides to be human and forgives them, and makes them confess to their crime to the media and police.
Henry L. "Roddy" Roediger III (born July 24, 1947) is an American psychology researcher in the area of human learning and memory.
During the Gulf War, the Human Systems Division provided technological support for Americans in Southwest Asia, including chemical warfare equipment.
Human settlement is restricted to some oases, where wind-blocking housing constructions are raised to deal with the harsh weather conditions.
He is the president of a nonprofit NGO, Center for Family and Human Rights (C-FAM), which has been listed as an anti-LGBT hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center.
The extension of human senses will change our thoughts and behaviors and the ways we perceive the world.
In 2020 the chances of reaching a temperature above 40°C are low, but they are 10 times higher than in a climate without human impact.
Likewise, Robert Kane, writing about "what is often called the free will issue or the problem of free will," says that it "is really a cluster of problems or questions revolving around the conception of human freedom"
In February 1989, Fang mobilized a number of well known intellectuals to write an open letter to Deng Xiaoping, requesting amnesty for the human right activist Wei Jingsheng who was then in prison.
Hundreds of artifacts were also found around the causeway, including eleven spears, six swords, woodworking and metalworking tools, as well as part of a human skull which had a crescent-shaped chop mark, probably inflicted by a sword; this injury is unlikely to have killed the man.
The detrimental effects trophic cascades have had on marshes not only reduce the biodiversity, health, and aesthetic appeal of these ecosystems, but also compromise the ability of marshes to provide key ecosystem services to human populations.
In the long run, companies can include recruitment for young people in their human resource policies.
Porgy was one of a number of works portraying black life written by white authors, but it was infused with human understanding at a time that such an approach was new.
A traditional, front-illuminated digital camera is constructed in a fashion similar to the human eye, with a lens at the front and photodetectors at the back.
The (pre)history of Mesopotamia ranges from the earliest human occupation in the Paleolithic period up to the Late antiquity.
Penile pain refers to pain in the penis, human or otherwise.
Currently, dilemmas such as human rights versus political control, community integration versus community control, diversity versus centrally, huge demand but inadequate services seem to challenge the further development of the mental health service in the PRC.
If an entrained human is isolated in a bunker with constant light or darkness, he or she will continue to experience rhythmic increases and decreases of body temperature and melatonin, on a period that slightly exceeds 24 hours.
With considerable boost from MTV airplay during July 1982, The Human League's "Don't You Want Me" had a three-week reign on top of the Billboard 100 chart, described by the Village Voice as the moment the Second British Invasion kicked off.
Personnel Wing is responsible for all core human resource management functions, including recruitment, promotion, conditions of service, staff relations, and welfare matters.
The name Niromi de Soyza is based on that of Richard de Zoysa, a well-known Sri Lankan journalist and human rights activist who was abducted and murdered in 1990, by suspected government agents.
The perspective is analogous to the apparent flatness of the Earth, on a human scale, when seen from its surface.
Public acceptance of scientific facts may sometimes be influenced by religious beliefs such as in the United States, where some reject the concept of evolution by natural selection, especially regarding Human beings.
Brian Doherty describes Murray Rothbard's form of libertarianism as propertarian because he "reduced all human rights to rights of property, beginning with the natural right of self-ownership".
As an ERP solution, it aims to automate key business functions in financials, operations, and human resources.
Rozen Maidens rely on a contract with a human master to supply themselves with power for battle.
Much of her work was influenced by the romantic interests and human relationships that Glasgow developed throughout her life.
Salvation is available for all—The doctrine of unlimited atonement rejects the predeterminism associated with Calvinism and states that every human has the opportunity to accept Jesus through faith.
[...] Of course, they go through things, 'cause they're human like all of us.
One of the major tenets of Scientology is that a human is an immortal alien spiritual being, termed a thetan, that is presently trapped on planet Earth in a physical "meat body".
reading body language, refined intuition, subliminal communication, emotional intelligence), and an in-depth understanding of key principles from human psychology or other behavioral sciences.
Ethics are possible only because of a human level of ability to speculate, judge quality, and modify our possible actions accordingly."
The Human Rights Defenders World Summit 2018 took place 29–31 October 2018, in Paris.
International and domestic relief activities for peace and human rights
From then on, Diokno began to put greater emphasis on human rights in public speeches and events.
For audience identification purposes, Davies wanted the alien menace to be easily mistaken as human, so that it was plausible for Rose to do so.
Human Resource Accounting: Past, Present and Future.
For example, the cluster entitled ‘‘A disintegrin and metalloprotease  domain 10’’ that contains the sequence for human ADAM10 can be retrieved  by entering  ADAM10,  disintegrin,  AF009615 (the GenBank  accession number of ADAM10),  or H69859 (the GenBank  accession number of an EST in the cluster).
Incubation of HL-1 cardiomyocytes and human myocytes with oxidized-LDL induced the expression of BNP and CCL2 genes, while native LDL (N-LDL) had no effect.
determinism, such a presupposition cannot be held in the case of human action.
Thymus atrophy during early human development (childhood) is an example of physiologic atrophy.
In July 2020, The Daily Telegraph reported that Turkey was sending Uyghur human activists to third countries where they could then be extradited to China.
T. Reilly and B. Peiser (2006) Seasonal variations in health-related human physical activity, Sports Medicine 36:6, 473–485
The question posed is not whether the Holocaust was central to Erich Heller (as it was to all the Jews who survived), but whether any human being can avoid being conscious of its centrality.
In 2003 and 2005, Miller was commissioned to produce a series of portraits of the scientists and technicians involved in the mapping of the human genome.
Human and murine cells undergoing replicative senescence experience a general global decrease in methylation; however, specific loci can differ from the general trend.
The toy is a Japanese Kubrick figure produced by MediCom – a small, limited edition collector's item with a block-style human form similar to Playmobil or Lego.
But some Iranian financial institutions, including Ansar Bank, Bank Saderat, Bank Saderat PLC, and Mehr Bank, remained on the SDN List and a number of U.S. sanctions with respect to Iran, including existing terrorism, human rights and ballistic missiles-related sanctions, remained in place.
In particular, Jesus is regarded as the High Priest who provides cleansing for human sins by the sacrificial shedding of his blood.
And also,  founder-director of four movements   (DHAANAM for human donations, JEPASA for socio-pastoral animation, IGFA for Ignatian spirituality, and MANITHAM for political analysis and action)
In Britain, the department used its propaganda to spread smear stories targeting trade union leaders and human rights activists, but was also used by the Labour Party to conduct internal purges against socialist members.
ABW partnered with Raise Their Voice throughout the 2012 tour of Andrew Kooman's She Has a Name; while the play toured across Canada to raise awareness about human trafficking, ABW raised money to help women and children who had been trafficked in Thailand as part of the country's prostitution industry.
By October 2003, Human Rights Watch reported that half of the country's population were food insecure, lacking enough food to meet basic needs.
He had human teeth, though with large canines.
Yasin became in 2019 the minister for women and for human rights.
She has served on many boards and committees for the World Health Organization, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, and other major players in global health.
In 1956 the Ministry of the Interior, Eduardo Busso, denounced that the Union of Argentine Women and the Argentine League for Human Rights had links with the party.
Human rights in Madagascar are protected under the country's constitution.
The essays, initially published in the English periodical The Nineteenth Century between 1890 and 1896, explore the role of mutually-beneficial cooperation and reciprocity (or "mutual aid") in the animal kingdom and human societies both past and present.
Synth-pop band The Human League's third album Dare (1981), produced by Martin Rushent, reached number one on the UK Albums Chart, and has retrospectively been considered one of the era's defining albums, ranking in critics' lists of the greatest albums of the 1980s and sometimes of all time.
Human anatomy is one of the essential basic sciences that are applied in medicine.
Their ability to exercise their basic human right of freedom of expression is essential to the establishment of democracy and rule of law in Afghanistan."
At the same time, Turkey – in violation of its obligations under the European Convention on Human Rights – withholds any recognition of conscientious objection to military service.
"Although everything may not be perfect in this film, one can say that the cinema has rarely shown us a human and living character as complex as that portrayed by Françoise Rosay, with such marvellous intelligence and art."
Viruses are a major cause of human waterborne and water-related diseases.
Human and chimpanzee serve as natural hosts.
In 2016, Malinowski said the State Department planned to release a list of North Korean human rights abusers.
The spine is the place in the human body where the most irregular bones can be found.
 Etirinotecan pegol, an experimental derivative of irinotecan with a longer half-life in the human body
His findings led to the development of an artificial intelligence engine that aims at replicating implicit and tacit learning in human communications.
She escapes and encounters the terrified mermaid, now in human form due to the full moon.
Apart from mythology, many contemporary thinkers, scientists, and books have argued for and against the case of playing God, and why it is necessary or unnecessary for the human race to take on the mantle.
In 1951, he was awarded the James Cook Medal by the Royal Society of New South Wales, for outstanding contribution to science and human welfare in the Southern Hemisphere.
Using radiocarbon dating, uranium series dating, and electron spin resonance dating, the time period of human occupation in the cave has been accurately dated to between 105 and 40 thousand years ago.
The LRC has litigated many of South Africa's landmark human rights cases since its establishment, including major cases resisting apartheid injustices and cases under the new Constitution after 1994.
In 2006, the book won the Christopher Award, which "salutes media that affirm the highest values of the human spirit."
The story itself is pleasing; it combines comedy with human appeal.
The drone went down due to human error by the troops who were flying it, IDF officials said.
The average length of human LADs is 0.1–10 MBp.
Unlike classical empiricism, process thought takes the category of feeling beyond just the human senses of perception.
 As part of this function, the department administers a programme relating to the return of Aboriginal Australian human remains and cultural objects, the International Repatriation Program (IRP).
It was established in 1989 to achieve the objectives of the Royal Commission, in developing human resources and to provide the Saudi manpower with high technical education and training, so that they can properly manage the Kingdom's growing economy in its various sectors.
Many International human rights activists and NGOs have shown their support to the Peace March, with former US colonel Ann Wright and British NGO Reprieve joining the Peace March.
Chinese Buddhists adapted and expanded upon these traditional "monkey" metaphors for human qualities.
That year, she began working for Haguruka Association, an NGO which focuses on human rights and specifically rights of women and children.
A large part of Persian lustreware production was in the form of tiles, usually star-shaped, with central animal or human figures, mostly single or in pairs, and ornament around the edges, and sometimes inscriptions.
A cylindrical graduated measuring rod and a clay ball with human figures are other notable finds.
Human brain cannot ignore sound or vision.
Multiple forms of the proteins similar to the yeast centrin have been identified in human and other mammalian cells, some of which have been shown to be associated with centrosome fractions.
In Swords of Mars of the Barsoom series, an example praised by Meyers, author Edgar Rice Burroughs documented a method with which his alien character learns human language that is similar to that used by linguists.
According to Edward Lane, the 19th century translator of The Thousand and One Nights, a nasnas is "half a human being; having half a head, half a body, one arm, one leg, with which it hops with much agility".
Together with YouTube, it helped focus the world's attention on the Iranian people's fight for democracy and human rights.
The problem is particularly severe in Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, Italy and Turkey; these countries, along with Thailand, Japan, Israel and the United States are listed by the UNODC as top destinations for victims of human trafficking.
The ability to digest lactose is not an evolutionary novelty in human populations.
In some accounts, they have dogs which are small and black, and which fetch souls from human homes for their masters.
Some communication by body language arises out of bodily signals that follow directly out of human instinct.
On 10 April 2012, the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg (France) ruled that Ahmad could be extradited to the United States.
It was also found that H4R exhibits a uniform expression pattern in the human oral epithelium.
He explained that over the course of human history, the number of persons employed tends to jump along with advances in technology.
Part of a left human kidney, accompanied by a letter addressed From Hell and postmarked 15 October, was later sent to the chairman of the Whitechapel Vigilance Committee, George Lusk.
She is an activist in the Pashtun Tahafuz Movement (PTM), a social movement campaigning for Pashtun human rights.
In mid-2007, Emilio Alvarez Icaza Longoria (chairman of the Human Rights Commission of Mexico City) said he was deeply concerned that Mexico City had the worst record for homophobic hate crimes, with 137 such crimes reported between 1995 and 2005.
A few human worlds, led by Dellaconda, reacted militarily by forming a small military force, based at first mainly on the Dellacondan navy, to wage a guerrilla war known as "the Resistance" against the Ashiyyur.
Any Human Heart: The Intimate Journals of Logan Mountstuart is a 2002 novel by William Boyd, a British writer.
A movie epic about emigration, roots, America, Croatia, organized crime, love, loneliness, fate, the existential measure of everyone’s life, whether thatlife in monumental, ordinary, null or simply human.
An expedition from Straumli Realm, an ambitious young human civilization in the high Beyond, investigates a five-billion-year-old data archive in the low Transcend that offers the possibility of unimaginable riches.
Although there has yet to be a reported human fatality, several cases were reported for methyl fluorosulfonate (LC50 (rat, 1 h) = 5 ppm), and methyl triflate is expected to have similar toxicity based on available evidence.
The conservation value of forest landscapes that are free from human disturbance is therefore high, although it varies among regions.
According to Foster, phememes were the fundamental building block of the earliest human spoken language (Primordial Language), as opposed to the phonemes of attested languages, contemporary or historical.
Human clinical studies also showed that ecopipam was an effective antagonist of the acute euphoric effects of cocaine.
The oldest traces of human presence on the site Chambourg-sur-Indre manifest themselves in the form of a racloir (scraper), a typical tool of Mousterian, found by chance during a survey of soil in the forest of Loches; Neolithic tools were also found.
The sculpture can be viewed as an abstraction of a reclining female human figure, resting on two arms, with a small head.
Due to the nature of their relationship and the difference between an alien boy and a human girl Max and Liz relationship is considered another modern example of forbidden lovers with many references to Romeo and Juliet through the series by both the characters and the writers/producers.
 Adolph Freiherr Knigge's 1788 book On Human Relations is still often referred to as Knigge
Human rights also bring economic and social benefits by recalling the necessity of going beyond aggregate models to identify differential impacts on different sectors of the population, and by calling for particular attention to be paid to vulnerable groups.
The Environmental Engineering and Science (EES) program focuses on the chemical and biological processes involved in water quality engineering, water and air pollution, remediation and hazardous substance control, human exposure to pollutants, environmental biotechnology, and environmental protection.
It is considered driverless because it operates without the presence of a human inside the tractor itself.
Until the 19th century and into the early 20th century heavy machines were drawn under human or animal power.
Degree in Human Resource Management
In his first major work, The Ethical Dimension of Human Attitude Towards Nature, Özdemir suggested that there is a philosophical and ethical dimension to environmental problems.
It expands upon these studies and provides further application to human behaviour.
Government of France's normally close relations with Moroccan government have soured over the book, that accuses Hassan II of Morocco of systematic human rights violations.
In the stem cell controversy, Dawkins favors stem cell research, even if it involves human embryos.
 is the human form of Jack of Hearts Undead, the , later sealed into the Fusion Wolf card.
 Donald Williams, retired human resources consultant
Part IV of his Ethics is titled "Of Human Bondage, or the Strength of the Emotions" ().
In an excellent state of preservation, the paintings show human figures with their hands raised and facing long-horned, humpless cattle.
Youth Initiative for Human Rights in Serbia also criticized the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia for not reaching a verdict for the destruction of Vukovar.
In the social commentary of Charles H. Bennett's The Fables of Aesop translated into Human Nature (1857), the hare is changed to a thoughtful craftsman prostrate under the foot of a capitalist entrepreneur.
Publication of version II of "A Shared Fate", a compendium of information on chemical contaminants in the marine food chain, in marine mammals and in human beings.
"Ecological Conservation" focuses on finding solutions to climate change and depletion of natural resources in order to create a sustainable balance between the natural and human worlds.
For the definition of "hate crime", ICARE points to the working definition that was developed by the OSCE – Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR).
Novel pharmaceuticals cannot enter the US market without FDA approval, which typically requires evidence of safety and efficacy in human trials and large fees be submitted to the FDA and found to be adequate.
Sufferings of Innocent Souls: Short Stories on Human Rights Violations.
Kadyrov called Oyub a "drug addict" while criticising those working with human rights activists and warned them off from working in his region.
Dr. Wolozin is also experienced in the study of human brain samples or cell lines from patients.
William H. Fitzpatrick won the Pulitzer Prize for editorial writing in 1951 for his editorials that repeatedly warned against international human rights overthrowing the supreme law of the land.
A Demon Sword of Thunder who can shape-shift to human form.
September 19 – Voted 16–4–2, the Senate ousts Senator Leila de Lima as chairperson of the Committee on Justice and Human Rights after granting Senator Manny Pacquiao's motion to declare the chairmanship and membership of the committee vacant.
Human settlement in the territory of Dissay dates back millennia: a single grave in Poitou-Charentes dates back to 4300 BC.
Ralea believed that the origin of beauty was biological, before being human or social; he also claimed (questionably so, according to art critic Petru Comarnescu) that traditional society allowed no depiction of ugliness before the arrival of Christian art.
The Defenders remind him of the optimism he once held for human life and he promises to make Seth a rare and precious gift - the Vitus stone.
North Campus: It is located in Independence and is the most important center in scientific research and training of human resources of the country in the health disciplines, biomedicine and public health.
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights at Sixty: Is it Still Right for the United States?, 41 Cornell Int'l L.J.
a long, narrow vessel has the greatest resistance and a short, wide one the least), but crucially in the human body width is generally more limiting than length because of Poiseuille's Law.
 CV of Taja Kramberger at the Faculty of Human Sciences University of Primorska (Littoral)
Sumire is one of the Four Sages and the person in charge of the "New Human Creation Plan".
. . numbers are free creations of the human mind .
Individual WRKY proteins do appear in the human protozoan parasite Giardia lamblia and slime mold Dictyostelium discoideum.
   Person: An individual human being.
Protestors rally in major Colombian cities against increased taxes and healthcare reforms proposed by President Iván Duque Márquez, resulting in police violence and the deaths of dozens of protestors, which is condemned by the United Nations and Human Rights Watch.
The first human disease known to be associated with miRNA deregulation was chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Although typically scarce while breeding in areas modified by heavy human development, they have been seen to hunt over cultivated land in Estonia and also it is seen migrating over lowland farms typically in the Czech Republic.
Because of the field's proximity to densely populated areas, eruptive activity would be a threat to human life and property, but the probability for future eruptions in the Portland–Vancouver metropolitan area is very low.
Pile said of the character: "We've all had bosses that are power hungry and status obsessed and it's a kind of extension of what we all know and recognise in our fellow human beings, and sometimes in ourselves."
After a handful of gigs, they were signed to Edinburgh's Human Condition record label.
Wonalancet was born 1619 after one of the worst epidemics in human history killed 75-90% of the populations of the indigenous peoples of New England.
In internally displaced persons camps in northern Uganda, where 1.4 million civilians have been displaced by conflict between Ugandan government forces and the militant Lord's Resistance Army, Human Rights Watch reported in 2005 that displaced women and girls were engaging in survival sex with other camp residents, local defense personnel, and Ugandan government soldiers.
Consequently, the World Conference on Human Rights calls on all States to adopt and vigorously implement existing conventions relating to the dumping of toxic and dangerous products and waste and to cooperate in the prevention of illicit dumping.
A human player may generate a random map based on his specifications, or opt for a pre-made map.
These ‘mechanisms’ are those uniquely human psychological traits and behaviours that encourage imitation, conformity, and in-group biases.
The parrots' ability to mimic human words and their bright colours and beauty prompt impulse buying from unsuspecting consumers.
Poor darlings – it must be terrible to be born with the knowledge that you belong to the enemies of the human race.
Human Appeal was named "Charity of the Year" at the 2017 British Muslim Awards for their achievements and contribution to British society.
The giant arms and legs of the figure represent the range of motion possible to a human figure.
The score on the Municipal Human Development Index was 0.743
The right to health care is a key component of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and has lacked the appropriate attention in low-income countries in recent history.
He was fond of his pets, in particular his Curly Coated Retriever dogs that he was said to value above human company.
The lack or malfunction of this protein in the human body can cause some diseases such as heart failure or a depressive disorder.
The lawsuit challenged the constitutionality of the Health and Human Services contraceptive mandate.
The Chagossians and their Struggle" (2006) 5 Northwestern Journal of International Human Rights 96–126 (retrieved 9 May 2011).
Willow, sad and lonely without Tara, figures out a way to turn the metamorphosed Amy from a rat back into human.
The fundamental rights were included in the constitution because they were considered essential for the development of the personality of every individual and to preserve human dignity.
Eventually O'Neill gets the Repository of the Ancients temporarily "downloaded" to his brain and becomes the first modern human to travel to another galaxy, the Asgard home galaxy.
Andy Tran of Urban Evolution clarifies it as "a means of reclaiming what it means to be a human being.
 National Commission for Human Rights Act 2012
In the Human Rights Committee (HRC) in General Comment 23, that was found to include the right of indigenous people to their land and resources.
George warns those who are leaving about the Wendigo myth: anyone who consumes the flesh of their enemies takes their strength but becomes a demon cursed by an insatiable hunger for more human flesh.
Doctors were an important group of delegates at the conventions as they saw the direct effects of war on the human body
To avoid human disturbance, they choose to navigate at night.
Cooperative Adventure for Valuing and Exercising human behaviour and performance Skills (ESA-CAVES), is a European Space Agency astronaut training course in which international astronauts train in a space-analogue cave environment.
Biological anthropologist Helen E. Fisher of the Center for Human Evolution Studies in the Department of Anthropology of Rutgers University said that, "perhaps, the fleshy, rounded buttocks... attracted males during rear-entry intercourse."
In his 1894 publication Man and Woman: A Study of Human Secondary Sexual Characters, Ellis dedicated an entire chapter to the subject, entitled “The Variational Tendency of Men”.
Carpenter was also a drafting committee member and signatory of the 2017 Yogyakarta Principles plus 10, on the application of international human rights law in relation to sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression and sex characteristics.
Leenhof opined that every human being could realise heaven on Earth, by judging the world according to "God's order" (=nature), expressed in the laws of nature, and by reading the gospel.
The original Human Torch appears in the Avengers/Invaders maxi-series alongside his fellow Invaders when an incident takes them from the battlefields of World War II to the present Marvel Universe, where they encounter both the New Avengers and Mighty Avengers.
The Scottish folklorist Donald MacKenzie suggested that the ceasg may originally have been a sea goddess to whom human beings were sacrificed.
They could also have been spotted by a clandestine human patrol.
Contrasting with the view of early scholars that the readings included human interpretation and errors, Nasser writes, "This position changed drastically in the later periods, especially after the 5th/11th century where the canonical Readings started to be treated as divine revelation, i.e.
Protocol 14 of the European Convention on Human Rights entered into force on 1 June 2010, three months after it was ratified by all 47 contracting states to the convention.
It can be ascribed both to individual agents, like human persons, and to collective agents, like nations.
 The Atlas of Past Worlds: a comparative chronology of human history 2000 BC – AD 1500, Cassell, 1993 
In April 2006, the Turkish Human Rights Association (IHD) recognized the events as a genocide.
The following is a list of notable human geographers.
The maximum safe starting doses of different drugs can be obtained from them prior to human clinical trials.
His own philosophy of life was pessimistic and stoical, but celebrated human fraternity, the growth of knowledge, and mutual assistance as high values.
With a lot of calculations and models, they managed to build an ear shaped like a typical human one.
It manages human and technical resources, material, and locations on a single GUI.
CyberHumint involves recruiting human agents and deploying them with strategic efficiency to provide the organization with a clear, focused picture of likely threats and hostile actors with the intention of harming the organization.
On the August 14 episode of SmackDown, Knox debuted new elements to his character that included knowledge of biology and the human anatomy, using this knowledge to methodically inflict pain upon his opponents.
Gregory believed in a universal human nature that could be discovered through scientific experiment.
The Stockholm Convention is a global treaty to protect human health and the environment from persistent organic pollutants(POPs).
Posits that human relationships are formed by a subjective cost-benefit analysis and the comparison of alternatives.
Drawing on the natural human ability to adopt a design approach, nonexpert designers bring diffuse design into the world via a combination of critical sense, creativity, and practical sense.
The song "Natalya" was dedicated to Russian poet and human rights activist Natalya Gorbanevskaya,
When Petruchio announces that he has had enough of marriage and is abandoning Maria for foreign travel, she encourages him to depart on the pretext that his journeys may broaden his vision and turn him into a better human being.
Indeed, in Sant Mat the raison d’être for the human form is to meditate on the Sound Current, and in so doing merge with it until one's own divinity is ultimately realized.
Instead we are used to work with substitutes like the 5-step Tanner scale for staging puberty, and age equivalents for describing bone..." is an excerpt taken from Human Growth and Development by Borms, J., R. Hauspie, A.
The Civil Courage Prize is a human rights award which recognizes "steadfast resistance to evil at great personal risk — rather than military valor."
Human settlements were present in the area since the Bronze Age (3rd–2nd millennium BC), and it was later probably settled by Sicels, Messapii and Iapyges.
The consequences of removing bracelets became simplified in later stories: if ever broken or removed, the Amazon would go into an uncontrollable destructive frenzy, as Dr. Marston's allegory for the unfettered destruction by the human ego.
Human presence in Arquà dates back to the Bronze Age, according to archaeological excavations made between the second half of the 19th century and the first decades of the 20th century.
Although her scars may not be visible to the human eye, by revealing what goes on deep inside her private thoughts, Porter uncovers the wounded pride and vanity that Granny has tried for sixty years to keep hidden, even from those closest to her.
Human rights advocates argue that these laws infringe on the rights of citizens by suppressing their freedom of expression and assembly.
All of the sleeping cabins are also up-hill, and on the far western side is the outdoor theater which is used for performing arts, shabbat services, and various events during Olympics (Game show, Human Anagrams, etc.).
Since the disappearance of Silva, Zúñiga began a tireless search for his whereabouts, going to various human rights organizations that opposed the dictatorship and who helped the victims.
Despite the leaked study draft's publication date of May 2008, at the time of the leak and outbreak in May 2009, RAND listed the study as a "current project", noting in its description that "the threat of an emerging human pandemic [has] highlighted the importance of a comprehensive U.S. Armed Forces health surveillance architecture".
The program offers a wide variety of concentrations, including: Accounting, Entrepreneurship, Finance, General Management, Human Resources Management, Information Systems, International Business, Marketing, Operations Management and Public Administration.
Her case was supported by The National Human Rights Committee (NHRC) and Fight Against Child Exploitation (FACE).
Hettmansperger's individual canvasses, drawing installations and multi-panel works from the 1990s featured shifting aggregations of invented shapes, organic and manufactured forms, human anatomy and cartographic diagrams floating on fields of muted, dusk-like color.
As seen from the human results, the Black Flying fox only shared the tryptophan surplus results.
She did her LLM in human rights from the University of Pretoria (2006).
Open Game: A friendly match against a human player or the CPU with the option to choose a stadium, weather conditions, player's handicap, number of players on the pitch and the skill level of the goal keeper.
The dances draw on simple gestures—walking, sitting, jumping—the dancers are to be perceived as figures symbolizing the potential of new technology while remaining primarily an exploration of the human element.
Each year the law school enrolls approximately 210 graduate students from more than 50 countries with experience in all areas of the legal profession, including academia, the judiciary, public service, civil rights and human rights advocacy, non-governmental organizations, international organizations, and private practice.
"Country's strength is, in fact, its honest and tender portrayal of human weakness," writes Grant, "something "Give In To Me" [sic] reveals, and something these filmmakers overlooked."
"Genealogical data and biodemography of human longevity".
EXTERNAL HARDWARE: Standing at approximately 4.8 feet tall, Sanbot King Kong boasts two new bionic arms and hands that provide several degrees of freedom, similar to that of a human arm.
The rediscovered documents are being examined by the National Truth Commission who have been tasked with the investigations of human rights violations which occurred in the periods 1947 through to 1988.
A human character based on her also appeared in the Utrom simulation of feudal Japan, and was defended from Foot Ninja by the Turtles.
And how do the different disciplines that explore human nature interact?
Scientifically, in BiophiliaThe Human Bond with Other Species by Edward O. Wilson, Wilson is quoted describing mechanophilia, the love of machines, as "a special case of biophilia", whereas psychologists such as Erich Fromm would see it as a form of necrophilia.
Mikki Norris (born July 18, 1952) is an American drug policy activist, former publisher, and author, known for her work highlighting the human cost of the US War on Drugs.
Due to the highly specific nature of this parasite's life cycle, human infections are generally rare.
Ethics and Research on Human Subjects.
Ambassador Sarek of Vulcan discovers evidence of a complicated plot to cripple the United Federation of Planets; he must work to find out who is behind it while also coming to terms with the death of his human wife, Amanda Grayson.
The Human Rights Watch, in an open letter to Piet Hein Donner, demanded that the Netherlands withhold from an extradition to Turkey, due to concerns she might be tortured.
His interest in natural history resulted in his being one of the first prominent scientists to raise concerns over the environmental impact of human activity.
In 1899 the Universalist General Convention, later called the Universalist Church of America, adopted the Five Principles: the belief in God, belief in Jesus Christ, the immortality of the human soul, that sinful actions have consequence, and universal reconciliation.
She indicated in the book that her motive for travelling to Somalia in the midst of an insurgency was the dearth of competition from other journalists covering the region, as well as the possibility of documenting unique human interest stories.
The initial goal of the WordNet project was to build a lexical database that would be consistent with theories of human semantic memory developed in the late 1960s.
According to the Pakistan Army spokesman, Islamic militants used girls as human shields in Pakistan during the 2007 Siege of Lal Masjid.
Some studies have shown this process improves the health of the human body, such as by minimizing headaches, chronic fatigue syndrome, and insomnia.
There were new and radical developments in the physical, life and human sciences, building on the progress made in the 19th century.
"Severe weather" refers to any dangerous meteorological phenomena with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life.
More recently Marvin Minsky has developed the idea that the mind of an individual human is composed of a society of agents in Society of Mind (see the analysis by Push Singh).
Favor the international combat of human trafficking by means, among others of:
Merrow worked with colleagues Till Roenneberg and Anna Wirz-Justice to develop the Munich ChronoType Questionnaire ((MCTQ)), which assesses human chronotypes.
These subjects matter often found in judicial review proceedings in Hong Kong, a significant and noticeable feature of human rights protection framework in Hong Kong.
Human Nature, a 2001 American-French film where one of the main characters has hypertrichosis.
Catecholamines are secreted by cells in tissues of different systems of the human body, mostly by the nervous and the endocrine systems.
For example, the cook of a human master dons fair apparel when going out, but puts on ragged things and an apron when working in the kitchen.
By now, The Human League were in their ascendancy and were becoming extremely popular with the mainstream British public.
There is no absolute conformity in the sensitizing potential of a substance in mouse, guinea pig and human.
At the very least, noise may be annoying or displeasing or may disrupt the activity or balance of human or animal life, increasing levels of aggression, hypertension and stress.
He also analysed the Pleistocene megafauna that still existed at the time of the first human populations in South America.
Over the years, the United States and many other countries have condemned Beijing's human rights abuses against Uighurs, including forced labor.
In 2004, Talisman Energy, a Calgary-based, global oil and gas exploration and production company, one of Canada's largest independent oil and gas companies, donated $175,000 to fund a University of Calgary-based "public relations project designed to cast doubt on scientific evidence linking human activity to global warming."
In some cases, tarantula bristles have caused permanent damage to human eyes.
Bawer argued that many European politicians and policy makers, in efforts to gain approval of Muslim voters or to appeal to multiculturalism, were effectively allowing the creation of Muslim-only enclaves where basic human rights were ignored and events like honor killings had become commonplace.
Burnt human bone has been found in many Clyde burial chambers.
Mummified human remains were found in a tomb in the Paracas peninsula of Peru, buried under layers of cloth textiles.
Al-Hashimi was arrested in Jeddah in February 2007 along with eight other critics of the Saudi Arabian government (Musa al-Qirni, Suliaman al-Rashudi, Abdul Rahman Khan, Essam Basrawi, Saif al-Din al-Sharif, Fahd al-Qurshi, Abdul Rahman al-Shumayri) and who planned to form a political party or human rights organization.
Thus while Ireland was one of the first states in Europe to ratify the European Convention on Human Rights it was one of the last to incorporate the Convention into domestic law.
The actor went on to say that everyone had the right to critique a film but that it shouldn't be in such a way that another human being is disrespected.
Most of the carvings are of birds, arrows, footprints, turkey tracks, human figures, and various geometric shapes and patterns.
In an interview with Yashodhara Dalmia, when asked if she called herself a 'feminist', Caur immediately replied with a resounding 'no' because the themes she incorporates or is curious about, go beyond gender and ones that every human is faced with.
A study in 2016 by several management and wildlife experts found that by reintroducing cougars to their historic range in the Northeast U.S., white-tailed deer density and deer-vehicle collisions (DVCs) could be reduced by 22%, which could prevent 21,400 human injuries, 155 fatalities, and $2.13 billion in preventive costs within just 30 years of reintroduction.
In his attempt to defend the indigenous people, he argues that they are part of the human race by describing their bodies, skin color, language and culture.
He reported seeing human bones, "Muslim prayer beads, clothing and still legible receipts and election ballots from Srebrenica", as well as shell casings and ammunition boxes in the vicinity of three large mass graves.
The Avatar player usually has to charge the enemies since ranged weapon are either weak (the machine gun), have slow rate of fire (bows and crossbows), or have limited ammunition; the human enemies are generally weak and the basic foot soldiers can die after getting hit once with one strike of a club.
Bùi Thanh Hiếu (born February 6, 1972) is a Vietnamese human rights activist and blogger under the username "Nguoi Buon Gio."
The core idea is that data about human activity (e.g., phone call records, credit card purchases, taxi rides, web activity) contain mathematical patterns that are characteristic of how social interactions spread and converge.
He stepped down from the position at the end of 2018 following his appointment to Human Technopole.
 Oracle Human Capital Management (HCM) Cloud
 Human rights implications of the Anti-Terrorism Bill 2005 Prof. Andrew Byrnes, Prof. Hilary Charlesworth and Gabrielle McKinnon Australian National University, 18 October 2005
The Asia Pacific Network of Sex Workers (APNSW) was formed in 1994 to advance the rights of sex workers in Asia, and to provide direct support to Asian sex workers, particularly concerning human rights issues and HIV support services.
In his highly positive review for Drowned in Sound, Euan McLean described the album as "the record The Human League could have made if they'd remade Fleetwood Mac's Rumours in 1985" and commended the band for "mixing emotion and technology to perfection".
Parrots make their call to establish that the human is within earshot, and continue to make the call (sometimes growing louder into a scream) until acknowledged.
Their body performances were enhanced by a  developed by an alien saucer, who attempted to have human victims planted with the same chip for experiment.
Later he studied medicine in which he has attained a graduate diploma in biostatistics, epidemiology and human genetics.
But eventually these new abilities spread throughout the human race until only a very small number of people were unable to experience colors and music.
Roldós's most important accomplishment was his policy in support of human rights, in an era in which most Latin American countries were military dictatorships.
However, Grünbaum gave Ricœur credit for later, in Hermeneutics and the Human Sciences, reassessing his views by abandoning the dichotomy between reasons and causes.
An experimental supplemental feeding program to young eagle-owls on two small Norwegian islands were found to increase mean numbers of fledglings from a mean of about 1.2 to 1.7 despite evidence that increased human activity near the nest decreased owlet survivability.
Maeda later proposed human shapes dancing on the bottom of the sphere.
After their conversation, the player is confronted by Agent Smith, a rogue Agent that seeks to destroy both the human and machine worlds.
During the 19th century human skeletons were found between the chapel and the road to the south.
American-Argentine relations improved dramatically with Ronald Reagan, which asserted that the previous Carter Administration had weakened US diplomatic relationships with Cold War allies in Argentina, and reversed the previous administration's official condemnation of the junta's human rights practices.
These Rothko Chapel Awards have recognized individuals and organizations who, at great risk, denounce violations of human rights.
The European Court of Human Rights condemned France for its lack of ability to maintain freedom of the press.
Geboren's nation was eventually split up after his death, and the royal families of most human nations are directly descended from his most trusted lieutenants and related to Geboren through intermarriage.
When interviewed by the Human Rights Watch, former innocent prisoners gave detailed descriptions of the harsh conditions inside detention facilities and stated that they were overcrowded, unsanitary, and infested with insects.
Human hatred was destroying them.
Human figures are painted as slim-waisted and athletic in body type for both male and female differentiating only in skin color; females are lighter in skin tone.
Such observer bias effects are near-universal in human data interpretation under expectation and in the presence of imperfect cultural and methodological norms that promote or enforce objectivity.
1986: Found and directed the Pétion Bolivar Center and becomes one of Haiti's most prominent human rights defenders and politicians.
His research interests include biogeochemical cycling in the environment, and the links between environmental processes and human health.
On December 10, 1990, the Human Rights Tribunal of Quebec was created.
Autarky can be defined as the quality of being self-sufficient, thus energy-autarkic habitats are human dwellings which are independent concerning energy consumption for living.
The Cortes were then convoked by the Liberals, one of them enacting the Constitution of 1822 (actually written in 1820)," a charter of human rights that ended the privileges of the clergy and the nobility.
It has no harmful effects on human health and the environment.
Orna Ben-Naftali, Israeli legal academic and commentator on human rights in Israel 
On 12 December 2005, the Prime Minister awarded the French Human Rights Prize to the wife of Emadeddin Baqi, an Iranian dissident who fights for prisoners’ rights and against the death penalty in Iran.
Kamen Rider: Detective Hioka, who pursued the Skull Man, was mutated into a Reconstructed Human by the Syndicate.
The flood of cases, many of which resulted in judgements against Russia, revealed systematic flaws in Russian protection of human rights.
Within the provincial legislative assembly, writes Salsberg's biographer Gerald Tulchinsky, the LPP members "exploited their leverage, however limited, to greatest advantage, focusing on labour and human rights issues".
A 2019 background note by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has stated that intersex persons are a distinct population with concerns about "representation, misrepresentation and resourcing", but who share "common concerns" with LGBT people "due to shared experiences of harm arising from dominant societal sex and gender norms."
Set in the kingdom of Ferelden during a period of civil unrest, the game puts the player in the role of a warrior, mage, or rogue coming from an elven, human, or dwarven background.
The lyrics in peace punk advocate nonviolence and also often equality, freedom, animal liberation, veganism, ecology, human right and anarchy.
The biologist Jaroslav Flegr is a proponent of the theory that toxoplasmosis affects human behaviour.
Together, Brown and Barber published the first Electrical Impedance Tomogram in 1983, visualizing the cross section of a human forearm by absolute EIT.
The process exceeds standards set by the World Health Organization (WHO) for the safe treatment of human waste.
They are assaulted by Volrath's forces, the elves of the Skyshroud forest, and the human tribes of the Kor, Vec, and Dal, recently reunited by Gerrard of Weatherlight.
Backpage also continued to increase its efforts to root out any illegal activity, particularly focusing on the identification of ads that might feature underage victims of human trafficking.
Indeed, Spinoza states in his Ethics that happiness, specifically, "consists in the human capacity to preserve itself".
The consensus reads: "The Circus reveals a more human side of the candidates and paints a clear picture of how grueling life can be on the campaign trail, yet the show fails to provide the type of candid analysis and discourse it alludes to during this incredibly unique and cantankerous election cycle."
Support the Struggle of Third World People for Human Rights!
Early into her career at Duke, Swamy volunteered on the Institutional Review Board (IRB), which oversees all human research studies at Duke, and later led the board.
Events at the Roxy kicked off with the Geffen Records showcase featuring Extra Fancy, Human Waste Project and Total Chaos.
The neomammalian brain is one of three aspects of Paul MacLean's Triune Theory of the human brain.
The pig carcass represents a human body and can be used to illustrate various environmental effects on both arthropod succession and the estimate of the post mortem interval.
Spranger theorizes that types of human life are structures in consciousness.
L Auclair and collaborators described the case of a patient with heterotopagnosia, with impaired pointing performance for other persons’ body parts but also for other human body representations.
Incomparable in strength, both are lions in human form.
The analytic view is of metaphysics as studying phenomenal human concepts rather than making claims about the noumenal world, so its style often blurs into philosophy of language and introspective psychology.
The human casualties were around 15,000; many of them were youths massacred on suspicion of being part of the insurrection due to the infiltration of anti-government guerillas from the Pacific of Nicaragua whom used the city as a war theater.
They instead emphasize the individual's ability to overcome addiction by augmenting life options and coping mechanics, pursuing values and purpose, repairing relationships, and expressing personal agency — all of which occur through normal human development.
M. B. Ray and L. H. Dudley Buxton, Some pathological and other conditions observed among the human remains from a prehistoric Ethiopian cemetery in the Southern Sudan (1914).
The world's media descended on Belfast, and several intermediaries visited Sands in an attempt to negotiate an end to the hunger strike, including Síle de Valera, granddaughter of Éamon de Valera, Pope John Paul II's personal envoy John Magee, and European Commission of Human Rights officials.
A founder of the Cluj Medical University and administrator of its Psychiatric Clinic, his final work was in human ecology, food science, and cardiology.
His journey through successive levels of illusion and reality teaches him much about the world, about his own nature and the paradoxes of the human condition.
In Christian teachings, the Transfiguration is a pivotal moment, and the setting on the mountain is presented as the point where human nature meets God: the meeting place for the temporal and the eternal, with Jesus himself as the connecting point, acting as the bridge between heaven and earth.
The movement called for autonomous bodies of peace rather than just a call for dialogue with the government, and represented a radical change from a “war strategy” to one of citizen security with respect for human rights.
The discovery marked both the first Dutch Neanderthal fossil, and the oldest human fossil discovered under water.
Once again, Vienna fakes Michael's death, before returning to human form and expressing fear for her child.
Creationism teaches that God creates a "fresh" soul within each human embryo at or some time shortly after conception.
Weinberg, trying to model human musical interaction, implemented volume and noise density sensors to aid in the robot's ability to define leadership.
This behavior of the blood cells in the capillaries of the retina has been directly observed in human subjects by adaptive optics scanning laser ophthalmoscopy, a real time imaging technique for examining retinal blood flow.
The article, written in 2012, focused on Colonel James S. Ketchum, and his involvement with the Edgewood Arsenal human experiments.
Ancestral sequence reconstruction further reveals the origins of human ethanol metabolism and the evolution of various species.
The Anthropology Displays feature exhibits on anthropology, and include artifacts from human cultures around the world.
 Unchaining the Human Heart – A Revolutionary Manifesto (Pulpless.Com, 2017)
During a year with International Human Resources Development Corp. (IHRDC), he authored two textbooks, Structural Geology and Exploration for Marginal Marine Sandstones.
Another legend states that the deity of the volcano, entered the body of Takeiwatatsu-no-mikoto turning him from a human into a divine being.
In 2015, Sobhana George has her own place in the Guinness World Book of Records as the holder of the World's Largest Human Christmas Tree with Mission Chengennur.
Telex from Cuba was the cover review of the July 6, 2008 issue of The New York Times Book Review, where it was described as a "multi-layered and absorbing" novel whose "sharp observations about human nature and colonialist bias provide a deep understanding of the revolution's causes."
The Castellers de Vilafranca have also spread the human tower tradition in the Països Catalans (territories in which the varieties of Catalan are traditionally spoken):
The book talks about wide range of topics such as submicroscopic components of the universe, whether human existence can have meaning without God—and everything between the two.
Virginia Society for Human Life (VSHL), a nonprofit organization advocating an end to abortion in Virginia and is the oldest pro-life organization in the US.
Burundi has, since gaining its independence, been cited as a State guilty of widespread violations of human rights.
Following China's violent suppression of the pro-democracy Tiananmen Square protests of June 1989, Washington and other governments enacted a number of measures against China's violation of human rights.
Her personages may not always suggest a very flattering view, of human nature, but such as they are, their fortunes are conducted with a scrupulous regard for probability, and there are no attempts to play tricks with the emotions of the reader, at the expense of his intelligence.
Due to the presence of human disturbance, its population is thought to be in slow decline.
In mid-2019, the team wrote to the United Nations and International Amnesty to accuse the Hong Kong Police Force of violating the International Bill of Human Rights in the 12 June 2019 Hong Kong protest.
With their powerful physical presence, they play a prominent role in the arts, mythology, and other cultural aspects of various human societies.
During this time, Camatte produced his most notable work, Capital and Community, which analyzes Marx's Results of the Direct Production Process, the subject of capital as totality, and Communism as the formation of a Gemeinwesen, or a human community.
Dale Evans McGillicutty is an intelligent human mutant who the Turtles encounter in issue 16 ("A Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Story") of the Mirage Comics.
Holocaust historian Robert Melvin Spector concludes that the Nazis "did indeed use human fat for the making of soap at Stutthof," albeit in limited quantity.
More specifically, some ecological disturbances observed within the Black Sea marine ecosystem resulted from a combination of overfishing and various other related human activities which adversely affected the marine environment and ecosystem.
Sisters, which dramatizes the human devastation caused by a convent-run, native residential school, received the Labatt's Canadian Play Award at the Newfoundland and Labrador Drama Festival.
Such genomic studies have led to advances in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases, and to new insights in many fields of biology, including human evolution.
Cognitive engineering:  Human problem solving  with tools.
Testimony of torture was obtained independently by ALQST, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch.
 3100 BC - Mask of Warka, earliest surviving depiction of human face is built.
In C. S. Lewis's That Hideous Strength, science coordinated by government is directed toward the control of nature and the elimination of natural human instincts.
While at the hospital, Pete and Myka discover that the bite marks are human.
Risk quotient in the context of human behavior was first defined in a 2008 book The Power of Risk by Jim McCormick, former COO of Anshen & Allen, and founder of The Research Institute for Risk Intelligence.
Steven Pinker referenced the ideas described by Sowell (in this book and the later book The Vision of the Anointed) in his book The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature.
Kalanithi attended Stanford University, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Arts in English literature and a Bachelor of Science in human biology in 2000.
Natural toxicants derived from bitumen in Northern Alberta pose potential ecological and human health risks to northerners living in the area.
That committee rejected all of their recommendations, and Taylor, in response, published a scathing "National Appeal, addressed to the American Negro and the Friends of Human Liberty."
However the angel believes that by watching she can come to understand what it is to be human, and how mortals can love when the outcome will always be parting, and how they can live if death is all that waits.
Many years later, the Earth government in exile, located at a human colony planet orbiting Alpha Centauri, is holding a regular meeting in an atmosphere of dejection and futility – its hosts being indifferent to Earth's plight and unwilling to offer any real help.
He is also working to invent next-generation therapeutics for human diseases based on the stochastic basis of life and disease.
The PTGE2 protein functions in part of the prostaglandin synthesis pathway, which forms a component of the overall lipid synthesis mechanism in the human body.
California's governor at the time George Deukmejian was of Armenian descent and the legislation which approved the funding explicitly referred to the Armenian genocide: "which have so adversely affected the lives and well-being of so many human beings, through such mass murder as the Armenian genocide and the Nazi Holocaust and other genocides."
The Bill was opposed by the opposition National and ACT parties, and the Human Rights Commission.
This involves a derivative of vitamin A, called alitretinoin, which is also naturally present in the human body.
Lubomyr Luciuk, speaking for the Ukrainian Canadian Civil Liberties Association, said that "as a publicly funded institution, the Canadian Museum for Human Rights should not elevate the suffering of any community above all others," referencing the Canadian internment of Ukrainians during World War I.
 Speak Truth To Power: Human Rights Defenders Who Are Changing Our World (2003), a book by Kerry Kennedy
These findings suggest that human beings, who are the targets of many perceivers in everyday life, may routinely act in ways which are consistent not with their own attitudes, beliefs, or feelings; but rather with the perceptions and stereotypes which others hold of them and their attributes.
He has also contended that magnetic fields in general have little, if any, effect on human health.
He has been involved in human rights activities and projects to help fight extreme poverty and malaria.
The Laboratory of Experimental Cancer Research of LIH helped to establish one of these tools, that tool being the database known as Human autophagy database.
in human services administration from Antioch College and a J.D.
The Court also found that the death penalty "comports with the basic concept of human dignity at the core of the [Eighth] Amendment".
United Nations Development Programme  Human Development Index 2011, ranked 128 out of 187
The preponderance of evidence is the standard of proof applicable before the Human Rights Tribunal; i.e., the Tribunal must be convinced that a particular version of events is more likely to be true than not true.
Writing for Cinemanía, Sergio F. Pinilla gave the film 2.5 out of 5 stars, writing that amid the plot there is a "vaudeville-like" human story (that of Galocha's character) that the film is not able to bring forward "with solvency".
The protein structures of human protein DJ-1, Escherichia coli chaperone Hsp31, YhbO and YajL and an Archaea protease are evolutionarily conserved.
In that position, he served as the principal policy adviser to the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
In late 1966, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) had human intelligence reports of three American prisoners of war being held in northern Laos.
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel: A History of Father and Son (1859) is the earliest full-length novel by George Meredith; its subject is the inability of systems of education to control human passions.
Context collapse or "the flattening of multiple audiences into a single context" is a term arising out of the study of human interaction on the internet, especially within social media.
It provides a framework that unifies the central aims of conservation and fishery management, while also meeting other human needs such as maintenance of coastal water quality, shoreline protection, education, research and recreational opportunities.
Ivan's Childhood was one of several Soviet films of its period, such as The Cranes Are Flying and Ballad of a Soldier, that looked at the human cost of war and did not glorify the war experience as did films produced before the Khrushchev Thaw.
Jamaica in particular has lost 85% of its coral reefs between 1980 and 1990 mainly due to the chain of unfortunate human and natural disasters that struck the island during that time frame.
Human Hearts is a 1922 American silent rural drama film directed by King Baggot, and produced and distributed by the Universal Film Manufacturing Company.
According to Daniel Bar-Tal, delegitimization is the "categorization of groups into extreme negative social categories which are excluded from human groups that are considered as acting within the limits of acceptable norms and values".
Although he contends that God's (law) is above and beyond human law, he also states that:
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum Award was established in 2011 and it "recognizes internationally prominent individuals whose actions have advanced the Museum’s vision of a world where people confront hatred, prevent genocide, and promote human dignity."
Reducing TCTP (dTCTP) levels in Drosophila reduces cell size, cell number and organ size, which mimics Drosophila Rheb (dRheb) mutant phenotypes; human TCTP (hTCTP) shows similar biochemical properties compared to dTCTP.
 Hal Yorke, in UK TV series Being Human
The broad importance of such traits gives Mackay's work potential application in many areas — from improving plant breeding and animal breeding to the treatment of human diseases.
In Proceedings of the Human Language Technology Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (HLT-NAACL, Rochester, NY).
This symbolizes people becoming aware of human trafficking.
John Wimpenny (3 December 1922 – 27 April 2015) was an English aeronautical engineer who held the record for the longest human powered flight.
Considering that the first verified attainment of the North Pole by a human was not until 1926, this claim is obviously false and most likely appeared as a misunderstanding of the title of her 1932 volume O româncă spre Polul Nord (A Romanian Woman towards the North Pole), which details her 1902 travels through Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland.
Each of the aforementioned pallial domains will give rise to a distinct neuroanatomical region of the developed human brain.
The Government of India launched an anti human trafficking web portal in February 2014 that they hope will be an effective way for interested parties to share information about this topic.
Organizations with campaigns to end child marriage include the United Nations and its agencies, such as the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, UNFPA, UNICEF and WHO.
Thorne, together with colleagues around the world, called "regional continuity" the more likely path of human history.
Using animals as metaphors, the award-winning writer Syed Muhammad Ashraf, who qualified the Indian Administrative Service in his mother tongue, Urdu, has tried to get into the recesses of the human heart.
Their son Joel Hirschhorn is also a human geneticist.
A scholarship at Wayne State University, the Joella Gipson Endowed Scholarship for Peace and Human Rights Education, is named for her.
In both human and mice models, adiponectin has been shown to add insulin-sensitizing and anti-inflammatory properties to different types of tissue, specifically muscle and liver tissue.
However, the appeal decision was made primarily on technical grounds, and the judge found no breach of Article 4 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, an opposition activist group documenting the conflict, confirmed the rebels' claims.
On June 13, the Board of Elections ruled that a petition seeking to repeal the law and delay its enactment until a vote was held in a referendum, would be invalid as it would violate provisions of the Human Rights Act which specifically disallow the public's voting against several protected classes—one being, sexual orientation.
Z.Hera appeared on the documentary program Human Theater in 2006 as Shaolin Girl when she was 10 years old.
Article 4: recognition that women are entitled to all human rights, providing a number of important specific examples.
In 1948 he established a department of human genetics, with ophthalmologist David Klein serving as its head.
 Arjun Sarja as Anji (Lord Hanuman in human form)
On December 10, hundreds gathered in Kyiv to observe International Human Rights Day at a rally organized by the Democratic Union.
In psychology, the human mind is considered to be a cognitive miser due to the tendency of people to think and solve problems in simpler and less effortful ways rather than in more sophisticated and more effortful ways, regardless of intelligence.
Judging by the depictions of animals and human figures in Gobustan, the region had a warm climate 10 to 12 thousand years ago.
2001: Ultrastructural aspects of autoschizis: A new cancer cell death induced by the synergistic action of ascorbate / menadione on human bladder carcinoma cells.
The Cupid's bow is a facial feature where the double curve of a human upper lip is said to resemble the bow of Cupid, the Roman god of erotic love.
"The song 'Connected' is about human beings and the lack of connection there is between anything today," [band member Nick] Hallam says.
), Handbook of Perception and Human Performance.
the Bible) is the sole rule and canon for human society, not only in the church, but also in political and civil matters.
The melting of the permafrost in a given area on human time scales (decades or centuries) could radically change which species can survive there.
This later inspired the philosopher Epicurus and the philosophy he founded, who held a materialist view and rejected any afterlife, while further claiming the gods were also uninterested in human affairs.
The decreased tumorigenicity of such cells is related to CDKN2B upregulation during the recombinant human fibromodulin reprogramming process
Gosh also is suspected of complicity in human rights abuses in Darfur, so he was subsequently denied admission to the US for medical treatment.
Corruption remains pervasive and governmental human rights bodies are generally ineffective.
Epigenetic age acceleration of the human prefrontal cortex was found to be correlated with several neuropathological measurements that play a role in Alzheimer's disease  Further, it was found to be associated with a decline in global cognitive functioning, and memory functioning among individuals with Alzheimer's disease.
The provisions cover training, material and human resources, research, and information sharing.
The refusal of the western world to acknowledge East Germany was gradually eroded, and, in 1975, the United States and other NATO members signed the Helsinki Agreement with the USSR and Warsaw Pact nations, including East Germany, setting human rights standards in Europe.
Like other chlorinated cyclodiene insecticides, chlordane is classified as an organic pollutant hazardous for human health.
Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo said that every album they made was "tightly linked with our lives" and that "the internal, personal stuff Thomas went through during Human After All made it closer to where he was at the time".
Human rights organizations and activists have labeled the country's post-reunification polls as fraudulent show elections.
European Court of Human Rights cases involving Slovenia
Benzon was responsible for bringing over 100 former officers overseas, including Josef Mengele, the infamous doctor from Auschwitz known for his human experiments.
Flavio is just a normal human and has no special powers or skills, except for his blacksmithing and swordsmanship.
Anyone who is truly committed to women's human rights must recognize that every woman has the right to determine her sexuality free of discrimination and oppression.
... Cameron said, 'Avatar asks us to see that everything is connected, all human beings to each other, and us to the Earth.'
Logan Mounstuart, fictional diarist and author of William Boyd's Any Human Heart, recounts that he served in the RNVR Naval Intelligence Division alongside Ian Fleming throughout the Second World War, reaching the temporary rank of commander.
While restored in Dream Drop Distance, Vexen returns to the Organization as one of Xehanort's "seekers of darkness" in Kingdom Hearts III to sabotage Xehanort's schemes and retrieve his research before his restored human self resumes his duties as Ansem's apprentice.
In 2007, she joined the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) in 2007.
Agalsidase alpha and beta are both recombinant forms of the human α-galactosidase A enzyme and both have the same amino acid sequence as the native enzyme.
He was also influenced by Ramakrishna, who gradually brought Narendra to a Vedanta-based worldview that "provides the ontological basis for 'śivajñāne jīver sevā', the spiritual practice of serving human beings as actual manifestations of God."
In 2003, he joined the faculty of Vanderbilt University and served as the Patricia and Rodes Hart Professor of Leadership, Policy, and Organizations in the Peabody College of Education and Human Development and served as the director of Vanderbilt's Learning Sciences Institute.
Cysteine is an important source of sulfide in human metabolism.
She ruled over human justice, while her mother Themis ruled over divine justice.
He wrote several books and was among the first to provide a visual representation of the human pulse and use it for diagnostic purposes.
The alleged kidnapping was described by the BBC as causing "outrage among human rights groups".
Without the government being directly involved, human rights abuses can go unmonitored and be difficult to uncover.
These include those that use sensor technologies and computer algorithms to enable smart machines to detect, recognize, and share human emotions.
courts and national human rights institutions, and others already listed in the revised Global Strategy, such as parliamentarians, civil society organizations, development partners and private sector actors) and international level (e.g.
A long time ago, there were three kinds of human beings: male, descended from the sun; female, descended from the earth; and androgynous, descended from the moon.
Lignite, which is the most harmful coal to human health, is almost exclusively used as a fuel for steam-electric power generation.
Her work deals with issues of human rights, queer rights and women's rights.
Karl Marx emphasized that with few exceptions means of labour are not a productive force unless they are actually operated, maintained and conserved by living human labour.
In the pre-industrial economy, most machinery was powered by human muscle, by animals, by wood-burning or by water-power.
Vast numbers, of both human and animal figures, were made as votive offerings, as all over the Near East, and have been found in the sacred caves of Crete and peak sanctuaries.
According to Human Rights Watch, as "many as one thousand Serbs and Roma have been murdered or have gone missing since 12 June 1999."
The process of detachment of language from reality due to the degeneration of writing systems is, according to Vseyasvetnik doctrine, the cause of human suffering, which manifests itself in the abuse of drugs and alcohol and in sexual pathologies.
In October[,] several members of parliament (MPs) and local NGOs raised concerns about alleged human rights abuses related to a controversial anti-poaching campaign initiated by the government.
Human volunteers took part in an NIH-sponsored series of tests to develop an effective cholera vaccine.
In return for his act of contrition, Fantozzi is allowed to touch the director's chair made of human leather and to swim in his personal aquarium, where selected faithful employees replace fishes.
Two human polls comprised the 1973 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I football rankings.
An early project was Ansuman Biswas' 'CAT' in 1997, which used the quantum physics 'thought experiment' Schrödinger's Cat as a provocation to explore the nature of uncertainty and unknowing on a human level.
Taymur did this so that readers would consider her argument as a human being, and not based on her sex.
DRDO has a network of 52 laboratories which are engaged in developing defence technologies covering various fields, like aeronautics, armaments, electronic and computer sciences, human resource development, life sciences, materials, missiles, combat vehicles development and naval research and development.
Finds from these investigations include pottery fragments, stone and bone tools and projectile points, and human remains.
He believes that it has learned to travel not just through direct human contact, but through the telephone lines, radio waves, and television sets.
Human memory is created and highly suggestible, and can create a wide variety of innocuous, embarrassing, and frightening memories through different techniques—including guided imagery, hypnosis, and suggestion by others.
He said that the crisis could lead to "chaos, civil war, and massive human rights violations" if not resolved peacefully.
Golden Age superheroes such as Novelty Press's Blue Bolt and the 1940s Timely Captain America and Human Torch tales were similarly treated.
In Strange Horizons, Graham Sleight reviewed it negatively, noting that "whole worlds of human experience are largely absent from this book—the sexual, the interpersonal, the everyday" and concluding that the anthology was "damaged by its narrowness" in attempting to evoke a sense of wonder through technophilia.
Pearse thought doctors and others needed to take a "deeper look at the natural laws governing health in human society".
Prof. Helbing is an adviser to the Citizen Science Center Zurich  and is an advocate of a European Charter of Digital Human Rights.
Human Rights Watch reported that the refugee camp, which was the major battleground, suffered extensive damage.
He next developed the Mood State Indicator (MSI) a machine learning system capable of predicting emotional states by modeling the mental processes involved in human speech and writing.
 Clonorchis sinensis, a human liver fluke species
After the Tulane game, the Associated Press called Shuttlesworth "the human bulldozer", and Shuttlesworth told reporters:
O'Brien alleged that the remarks were a breach of parliamentary privilege that violated his constitutional rights and his rights under the European Convention on Human Rights.
Human occupation at the site starts in the 5th century AD, but the majority of structures were built between 900 and 1100 AD.
Jaime Roldós's most important legacy was his support for human rights.
The Laws of Burgos:  500 Years of Human Rights from the Law Library of Congress blog
Interpol rejected each request on human rights grounds.
Comic strip stories: The Human Bombs, Island of Horror.
Derec is able to convince the agent they were students studying human behavior patterns and their anonymity was important since Earthers would have treated the Spacers differently if they knew.
American Journal of Human Biology, Volume 19, Issue 4, page 597, July/August 2007.
Recent neuroscientific, developmental, and cognitive studies have identified many commonalities to the human ability to recall past episodes.
- Most intriguing, Spalax cells (fibroblasts), and only Spalax cells, when grown in co-culture with cancer cells from different species, including a wide range of human cancer cells, kill the cancer cells.
The creation of a center or an institution, which develops mechanisms to deal with human health (including sanitation services), animal health (veterinary services), and agricultural services were then initiated by SEHO staff and volunteers.
I and I (also spelled I&I, InI, I-n-I or Ihi yahnh Ihi) is a complex term, referring to the oneness of Jah (God) and every human.
Despite his retirement as an academic, Guglielmo Gulotta continues to give lectures and participate in important national debates regarding psychology as a science of human facts.
He has  published a number of influential scientific papers in defense of model-based inference of population history and raising concerns about incautious used of interpretative phylogeography in making inferences on human population demographic history.
Can human activity and agency change the objective structure of the world?
Once he is defeated, the Overlord soon extends his power to Japan and soon the rest of the human world, gradually uniting them as a single nation under his despotic rule before waging war against YHWH Himself.
Currently, she is funded by a National Institutes of Health grant to investigate the elephant middle ear and bone conduction hearing in relation to human hearing and bone conduction hearing aids  (For related approaches, see: Sensory substitution.)
Scientists formally announce HGP-Write, a plan to synthesize the human genome.
On July 9, a spokesperson of the president told critics to show proof that there have been human rights violations in the drug war.
Joyu's group, called Hikari no Wa ("The Circle of Light"), claims to be committed to uniting science and religion and creating "the new science of the human mind", having previously aimed to move the group away from its criminal history and toward its spiritual roots.
He has organized broadcast from Machine Project, Public Fiction, and Human Resources in Los Angeles, and Bikini Wax in Mexico City.
The NIH Toolbox battery of measures will be used by The Human Connectome Project (HCP) to understand the relationship between brain connectivity and behavior,
Derrida and other animals: the boundaries of the human (2015, Edinburgh UP: )
In 2003, Q Magazine ranked the Human Nature Remix of the song at number 651 in their list of the 1001 Best Songs Ever.
It featured English lyrics by Chris Mosdell, whose sci-fi themes often depicted a human condition alienated by dystopic futures, much like the emerging cyberpunk movement in fiction at that time.
The organisation is governed by corporate policies including human resources, procurement and finance.
It catalyzes a new, connected economy by aligning business and social purpose, connecting business professionals to local nonprofits that need assistance in information technology, marketing, human resources, operations and finance.
Vaugier has had recurring roles as Detective Jessica Angell on CSI: NY, Mia on Two and a Half Men, Dr. Helen Bryce on Smallville, FBI Special Agent Emma Barnes on Human Target, and as The Morrigan on Lost Girl.
His research activities and interests include biophotonics, nanophotonics, plasmonics, laser-excited luminescence spectroscopy, room-temperature phosphorimetry, synchronous luminescence spectroscopy, surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy, field environmental instrumentation, fiber optics sensors, nanosensors, biosensors and biochips for the protection of the environment and the improvement of human health.
Furthermore, this would significantly improve the conditions for the full and equal enjoyment of their human rights on the whole as argued by the UN expert in the field of cultural rights, Farida Shaheed.
: The 30-year-old original commander of the previous Crew GUYS, he was thought to be killed by Dinozaur's rampage after saving Ryu, but his body was rescued by Hunter Knight Tsurugi as a human shell to operate on Earth.
Kabbalistic theosophy explores the esoteric function of Yichudim in the unfolding creation of the spiritual realms, while meditative Kabbalah experiences and influences these supernal forces through the human psyche, as mystical Kavanot intentions during prayer, Jewish observance, or isolated practice.
The Self-Portrait was also influenced by the works of Cesare Ripa, most notably his Iconologia, in which he suggests how virtues and abstract concepts should be depicted, with human qualities and appearances.
Rodent-borne infection in a human occurs when a person is bitten by a flea that has been infected by biting a rodent that itself has been infected by the bite of a flea carrying the disease.
Distribution of human population over Kashmir is largely affected by its presence, as people in old times preferred those places to settle which were near to water.
Some analysts have pointed to its use in deflecting foreign criticism of human rights abuses in China and domestic attention from issues of corruption and bolstering its territorial claims and general economic and political rise.
She coordinated policy on democracy and human rights for the bureau and oversaw the Middle East Partnership Initiative (MEPI).
In December 2016, Twitch announced a semi-automated chat moderation tool (), which uses natural language processing and machine learning to set aside potentially unwanted content for human review.
Also, the United Nations advocacy director for Human Rights Watch has called Ogaden a "mini-Darfur".
This doll speaks as a human being.
Grants enjoyment, liberation, fulfilment of all desires, four aims of human life (dharma, artha, kama, moksha), redemption from sins on being worshipped.
It raised the possibility that Cayman residents could be afforded less than the full protection to which they are entitled, under the European Convention on Human Rights.
Human hearing underwater is less sensitive with wet ears than in air, and a neoprene hood provides substantial attenuation.
Incidentally the genes for OSM and LIF occur in tandem on human chromosome 22.
René Samuel Cassin (5 October 1887 – 20 February 1976) was a French jurist known for co-authoring the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and receiving the Nobel Peace Prize.
It is tolerant of high salt conditions, and of human disturbance.
According to Sir John Richardson, eighteenth Century Native Americans reportedly fed human breast milk to bison calves, wolves and bears.
He then set out, and at the shores of Loch Dairbhreach, he encountered the swans singing with human voices.
In 1974, he was awarded the Francqui Prize in human sciences for his work on medieval history.
Karl Clark, an original member of the unit, eventually played a pivotal role in human rights investigations in East Timor, while other unit police members moved on to other UN mission locations.
She frequently uses symbolism such as moons to represent women and birds to represent the human spirit.
The Right are skeptical about the capacity for radical reforms to achieve human well-being while maintaining workplace competition.
Chairman of the Human Rights Foundation Garry Kasparov wrote: "Fidel Castro was one of the 20th century's many monsters.
The Department of Human Settlements and Urban Development (), abbreviated as DHSUD, is the executive department of the Philippine government responsible for the management of housing and related development in the Philippines.
During excavations at the Folkestone Roman Villa site in 2010, archeologists discovered worked flints dating to the period, establishing proof of human presence in Folkestone at that time.
Deepika’s efforts are tied with viewing access to clean water as a global human right.
The field also resists the traditional divide between "nature" and "culture," showing how many "environmental" issues have always been entangled in human questions of justice, labor, and politics.
The Ministry of Justice shares responsibility for administering human rights with the Ministry of Territorial Administration.
For example, the Court in Eldridge v British Columbia (AG) wrote that the purpose of section 15(1) was to express "a commitment … to the equal worth and human dignity of all persons".
problems such as harmful algal blooms, typhoons, and pollution created by human activities.
In the limited series X-Men Forever, the character is revealed to have subtly manipulated and accelerated the evolution of human mutants for a long time, in a plot to harness their potential to gain control of all higher cosmic entities.
Barron and his Wight and Hollow minions hunt Peculiars and devour their eyes to recover human form.
“Husserl on Human Subjects as Sense-Givers and Sense-Apprehenders in a World of Significance,” Special Issue: Figures, Functions and Critics of Subjectivity beginning from Husserlian Phenomenology, ed.
2000 Years of Human Error spawned two singles, "The Reckoning" and the Beatles cover "Eleanor Rigby".
Numerous purposes exist for these research facilities, yet their main purpose is to study and form an understanding of the decompositional changes that occur with the human body.
Many canine cancers are described with the same terminology and use the same classification systems as human cancers.
Human geography – who people are and where they live European Community – founded on March 25, 1957 by the signing of the Treaty of Rome
In the Book of Enoch, when Enoch returns to Earth, he tells his children that although they see him as the earthly, human Enoch, there is likewise an angelic Enoch (Metatron) that has stood in the Lord's Presence.
Speak-As-One in The Blackout Club, the personified ideal of unity and order consisting of ancient human memories cherrypicked over eons.
Macarena, who had lived as an adopted child, took the surnames of her parents and started a career as a human rights activist.
 Select your human resources with care.
Due to past civil wars, lack of government regulation, and instances of past violations against human rights, Latin and South Americans have become exceedingly distrusting of their current governments.
World Bank research on human capital flight by country, reported in 2005 a rate of 20% of Portuguese graduates leaving the country for working abroad, one of the largest rates for countries with over 5 million inhabitants.
In 1988 a group of local surfers who were concerned about the human impact that tourism was having on the Bells Beach Surfing Reserve started a group called Surfers Appreciating the Natural Environment.
On 27 October 2020, The United States Senate Foreign Relations Committee wrote a letter to the United States Secretary of State and United States Secretary of the Treasury, urging them to impose sanctions on senior officials of the Rapid Action Battalion for human rights violations.
These are boulders carved to represent obese human figures and are found at many sites along the Pacific coast.
 Three hierarchies encompassing ALL HUMAN DISCOURSE.
In June 2015, Dart wrote a letter to both companies, requesting that they "cease and desist" allowing their cards to purchase any ads on Backpage, even non-adult ones, suggesting that they could be in violation of federal law due to human trafficking via ads on the site.
Fragments of human bone were found in the area adjoining the coffin.
The legal process following the incident showed that lower courts can play a crucial role in holding security forces responsible for human rights violations and provide access to politically weak groups despite the high judiciary's resistance.
It is apparent that this species does not have the gene sequence for coding ochratoxin and thus pu'er tea should be considered safe for human consumption.
 Lockie Leonard, Human Torpedo adapted by Paige Gibbs.
 Adiboo Adventure: Inside the Human Body (Adibou: Aventure dans le Corps Humain in French)
Similar to in Western folklore, foxes are portrayed as mischievous, usually tricking other people, with the ability to disguise as an attractive female human.
It has a philosophy that human life should be simple.
During the 2016 General Session Thurston served on the House Health and Human Services Committee, House Political Subdivisions Committee, and Public Education Appropriations Subcommittee.
While in office, she has advocated for various human rights issues.
A member of the Liberal Party of Canada, he currently sits on the House of Commons Standing Committee on Human Resources, Skills and Social Development and the Status of Persons with Disabilities and the Standing Committee on Procedure and House Affairs.
Human trafficking is a significant transnational crime, which is seen as similar to a modern day slave trade.
With his lively style, story-telling ability, and skill in conveying human interest, Gregory has been compared to Herodotus; with his detailed interest in, and accounts of, ecclesiastical history and manoeuverings, to a bloodier Trollope.
Scott called the film "a delicate human drama about love, ambition and the glories of music".
In 1983, the City Council of Berkeley, California, under the leadership of Mayor Gus Newport, ordered their Human Relations and Welfare Commission to develop a domestic partnership proposal.
Amnesty considers that domestic and sexual violence are serious breaches of human rights and Amnesty should confront them.
Poussin saw in it a canon of ideal proportions and in 1683, Gérard Audran included it in his collection of engravings representing the Proportions of the human body measured from the most beautiful statues of antiquity, meant for young sculptors.
These non-uniformities are important because the human eye is more sensitive to certain colors than others.
Human settlements on Polish lands occurred later than in the more climatically hospitable regions of southern and western Europe and were dependent on the recurring episodes of glaciation.
They are the true curse of the human race."
Russian Human Rights Activism and the Observer Commissions.
Bushfires produce particulate-matter pollution – airborne particles that are small enough to enter and damage human lung tissue.
It concludes that human activity is having a significant and escalating impact on the biodiversity of world ecosystems, reducing both their resilience and biocapacity.
The petition was signed by over 3000 people, and following the collapse and cancellation of the Phoo Action series in pre-production (as it was decided that the scripts for the series were not good enough), Being Human was commissioned as a replacement.
The T-1 visa is issued to victims of severe forms of human trafficking.
To be sure, human life is special.
The researchers suggested that this might be due to researcher bias, or simply because animal models do not accurately reflect human biology.
Only about 20% of apple trees produced from apple seeds shall grow a fruit comparable to the parent plant, while about 60% will be passable for consumption and the remaining 20% will be "crab apples" unfit for most human tastes.
producer and Social Affairs and News Correspondent for RT UK news filming different consumer, social and human interest stories from all over the UK.
By the mid-19th century with Britain outlawing the Trans-atlantic slave trade it began putting pressure via its military to stop in the trafficking of human beings especially in the Bight of Biafra where British military occupation took place in Equatorial Guinea essentially ending the slave trade.
Myths enabled him to develop the themes and lessons that pre-occupy himin particular mankind's exulted relation with the gods via heroic ancestors and, in contrast, the limitations and uncertainties of human existencebut sometimes the traditional stories were an embarrassment and were carefully edited, as for example:
What he is defending is not his long-lost business, but his human rights.
He was an associate editor at Economics and Human Biology from 2011-2013 and Editor-in-Chief of the Economics of Education Review from 2014-2019.
Du Bois reviewed Cane in 1924, saying: "Toomer does not impress me as one who knows his Georgia but he does know human beings."
c. 450 BC – Sushruta wrote the Sushruta Samhita, redacted versions of which, by the third century AD, describe over 120 surgical instruments and 300 surgical procedures, classify human surgery into eight categories, and introduce cosmetic surgery.
Human rights groups around the world, such as Amnesty International, denounced the reversal.
Digital technology has allowed human generosity and "the world's free time and talents," which Shirky calls cognitive surplus, to combine and create a new form of creative expression.
Chromosome 1 is the largest human chromosome with approximately 220 million base pairs, and would be  long if straightened.
"Society has always to demand a little more from human beings than it will get in practice—that they should work hard, pay their taxes, and be faithful to their wives, men should think it glorious to die on the battlefield and women should want wear themselves out with child-bearing.
It is often performed in research-based functional neuroimaging where one wants to find common brain activation across multiple human subjects.
However, he made no mention of human activities there.
Moreau, who traveled in Italy for nearly a decade, was influenced by, among other things, Michelangelo's depiction of the human form and Da Vinci, with whom he shared a similar sense of color (Moreau and Da Vinci's light blues are very similar) and a similar philosophical disposition.
Human settlement began from Sector A and the plots to the north filled up gradually as more and more refugees poured in.
Immediately upon his return, Doom is greeted by the Phalanx, who had returned to Earth to attempt assimilation of the human race again.
In 1998, he was quoted in the New York Times Book Review as saying, "Being an atheist is a matter not of moral choice, but of human obligation."
According to a 2003 report by Human Rights Watch, an estimated 15 million children in debt bondage in India work in slavery-like conditions to pay off their family's debts.
It is human nature to avoid negative affect before approaching positives.
Nonetheless one of the Chambers of the Council of State issued the Decision 372/2005 on a case including a problem of constitutionality, where instead of the case being submitted to the Plenary Session, it was withhold and then applied to the European Convention on Human Rights, thus annulling the administrative act.
He created the first modern version of the social contract (or contractarian) theory, arguing that to overcome the "nasty, brutish and short" quality of life without the cooperation of other human beings, people must join in a "commonwealth" and submit to a "Soveraigne Power" that can compel them to act in the common good.
Center on Critical Human Survival Issues, a multidisciplinary faculty-student collaborative at the University of Virginia
One day, everything changes when a kitten named Lulu meets the first human ever to land on their shores: Peppy (or Pépin), a young shipwreck survivor turned castaway.
In 2011 STOP THE TRAFFIK hosted a global summit which provides a platform for world leaders and professional agencies to work with local communities and young people to tackle human trafficking before, during and after the 2012 Olympics.
This section includes famines and disease outbreaks that were caused or exacerbated by human action.
Polaris Dawn is a planned private human spaceflight mission, operated by SpaceX on behalf of Shift4 Payments CEO Jared Isaacman, planned to launch no earlier than November 2022.
The latter is an Andorian, which Newsome did not realize when she improvised the uncharacteristically human name "Jennifer" during recording.
The first scene that Yates shot featured a giant interacting with human characters.
"Erikson argues that the sense of trust in oneself and others is the foundation of human development" and with a balance of mistrust produces hope.
This edition has the subtitle "The Story of the Human Spider" ().
The show explored how weathering was eating away at the park and how it will be unrecognizable in 20 years without human maintenance.
Starting in March 2018, Smith started as a research professor in the Center for Advanced Study of Human Paleobiology at The George Washington University in Washington, D.C.
The Blue Fairy strips Tinker Bell of her wings, making her human and she falls to earth.
Again a human rights commission condemned the cramped conditions, so the government had the bars taken off the individual cells, and let the inmates move freely within each cell block.
Andrei Nikolaevich Mironov (, 31 March 1954, Irkutsk – 24 May 2014, Sloviansk), one of the last soviet political prisoners, was a human rights activist, reporter, fixer, interpreter.
It is one of the three most common stingray species sold for human consumption in China, though it is not highly valued.
Because of this, as well as more nebulous desires for vindication and the revelation of truths kept hidden by human authorities, Mulder struggles to maintain objectivity in his investigations.
Ministry maintains direct control over internal affairs, issuance of personal documents for Montenegrin citizens (ID, drivers licence and passport), emergency situations management, human resources, financial and budgetary management of Police Directorate.
Upper Iowa offers undergraduate and graduate degree programs in more than 40 majors, including art, business, conservation management, education, higher education administration, human services, information technology, liberal arts, math, nursing, psychology, science, and more.
Juan Fernando Lugris (born December 17, 1971) is an Uruguayan diplomat specialized in multilateral negotiations related to the environment, human rights, trade and regional integration, currently serving as the Ambassador of Uruguay to China and Mongolia.
The Human Rights Foundation, condemned the assault, with HRF president Thor Halvorssen Mendoza claiming that "the PSUV approved of the attacks against opposition deputies at the National Assembly".
The basis for the affinity of R. mackenziei for brain tissue is unknown but has been hypothesized to involve the fungal melanin which acts as a virulence factor by allowing it to evade a human host's immune system and cross the blood-brain barrier.
Like Spinoza, Einstein was a strict determinist who believed that human behavior was completely determined by causal laws.
Human uses of living things, including animals plants, fungi, and microbes, take many forms, both practical, such as the production of food and clothing, and symbolic, as in art, mythology, and religion.
In March 2014, Mohammad-Javad Larijani, the Islamic regime's Secretary General for Human Rights, announced that Sakineh Ashtiani had been pardoned, due to good behaviour.
Alcmaeon (Greek, c. 500 BC) performed human dissections.
Frank Nugent of The New York Times wrote, "'Modern Times' has still the same old Charlie, the lovable little fellow whose hands and feet and prankish eyebrows can beat an irresistible tattoo upon an audience's funnybone or hold it still, taut beneath the spell of human tragedy ... Time has not changed his genius."
Responding to accusations of human rights abuse, in 2012 the Mauritanian Minister of rural development, Brahim Ould M'Bareck Ould Med El Moctar, stated:
It is considered a potentially serious pest, an invasive species that could adversely affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce.
In 1389, the bishop of Troyes sent a memorial to Antipope Clement VII, declaring that the cloth had been "artificially painted in an ingenious way" and that "it was also proved by the artist who had painted it that it was made by human work, not miraculously produced".
In his studies of global warming, he has suggested that it may manifest more by milder winters than by hotter summers, and predicted that its effects on human population will not be severe.
The Pielnica valley must have been an important trade route and human settlement axis as early as 14th or 15th century.
It is revealed in the last two episodes that she is actually a normal human that once went to Roppongi station when she was young and separated from her class group.
In 2007, the university was given a special grant of  by the Ministry of Human Resource Development to establish a nanotechnology research centre in commemoration of its sesqui-centenary (150th year) celebration.
Though the common musk turtle holds no federal conservation status in the US and is quite common throughout most of its range, it has declined notably in some areas, and appears to be more sensitive than some native species to human degradation of wetlands.
Frida Kahlo’s, Human landscape », in Frida Kahlo, Retrospective, 30 April – 9 August 2010, Martin Gropius-Bau and Kunstforum Wien, 1 September – 5 December 2010.
In order to ensure a high degree of quality, records within GDB were subjected to a curation process by human genetics specialists, including the HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee.
In August 2021, Kakuzi PLC became the first corporate organization in Sub Sahara Africa to constitute and establish an Independent Human Rights Advisory Committee (IHRAC) to be chaired by Kenya’s former Attorney General Prof Githu Muigai.
Aiming to cultivate human resources with creativity and convergence in relation to the Fourth Industrial Revolution, NLCY opened the Future Dream Hope Factory - a library makerspace – and runs various library-based creative programs that graft books and ICT.
There are three types of cartilage in the human body: fibrocartilage, hyaline cartilage and elastic cartilage.
The world, the student learns, is hell and human beings must suffer to achieve salvation.
Cognitive Science, which may be defined as the study of the nature of intelligence, offers a basis for studying the cognitive structures that domain experts develop of problems, as well as for better understanding human approaches to problem solving.
Human resources support (including hiring new employees, promotions,  retirements, staff training issues, grievances, etc.).
What he can try to crack is his own mystery: Why was he of all people destined to scream bloody murder with the aim of altering the destiny of the human race?
FSO using wavelength 1550 nm system are capable of transmitting several times higher power than systems with 850 nm and are safe to the human eye (1M class).
The genetic inactivation of ELA leads to cardiovascular defects, predisposes to preeclampsia and is needed for the self-renewal of human embryonic stem cells.
In November 2019, the Office for Civil Rights of the United States Department of Health and Human Services began investigation into Project Nightingale, to assess whether the "mass collection of individuals’ medical records" complied with HIPAA.
Putney is also an established record producer who has engineered albums for Bloodsimple, Suicide Silence and The Human Abstract among others.
The nanowire strands conduct a low voltage similar to that of a neurons in a human brain.
Noting that homosexuality existed in every community and had existed "as long as the weaknesses of the human mind have been evident", the Statesman declared that homosexuals were not criminals and that incarceration was not an appropriate solution.
In 2012, the Sam Rainsy Party merged with the Human Rights Party to form the Cambodia National Rescue Party.
Human occupation of Bic dates back almost 7,000 years: the park interpretive centre displays tools from that time.
There were no human casualties, but a ten-day search operation for missile remains was unsuccessful.
The Egyptian Organization for Human Rights strongly condemned the attacks, and weeks later issued a report that considered the massacre an attempt of genocide against the Sufi Muslim community of the Sinai Peninsula.
The Adjudication of Conflicting Human Rights and Social Values, Oxford University Press 2011, 
Mamoru Oshii/Masamune Shirow's anime/manga Ghost in the Shell (1989–) portrays a future world in which human beings aggressively mechanize, replacing body and mind with interfacing mechanical/computer/electrical parts, often to the point of complete mechanization/replacement of all original material.
As of 2013, its projects on EU enlargement, capacity building, and human rights were funded by the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency, Stiftung Mercator, the Open Society Foundations, and ERSTE Stiftung.
The doctrine of human rights has been highly influential within international law and global and regional institutions.
In 2011 Penguin Books (and, in the U.S., Oxford University Press New York) published his The Great Sea: A Human History of the Mediterranean, a substantial volume that sets out a different approach to Mediterranean history to that propounded by the famous French historian Fernand Braudel, and ranges in time from 22,000 BC to AD 2010.
The Charter is a manifesto that was released on 10 December 2008 in order to coincide with the 60th anniversary of the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The human expedition is first concerned about the Coeurl's approach, but he shows himself to be intelligent and attempting to communicate via radio waves.
These ideas were directly linked to the writing of philosopher Inayat Khan, a Sufi musician who had written about the connection of vibration and sound with the human spirit.
The Government's human rights ombudsman and the head of the Department of Religious Affairs and National Minorities met with minority religious organizations during the reporting period.
"The crowd acts as a sort of demiurge (creator), like destiny, playing with the human beings who are helpless against the vagaries of chance."
 Live: The Very Human Factor (Muffin, 1993)
She and Konoha are soon kidnapped by Seiji and Suzuki, the latter revealing that Seizou funded human experiments on his wife and his son, Katou.
Remains of Homo heidelbergensis were first found on the site in 1993, comprising the partial tibia of a human who probably stood 1.8m high and weighed approximately 80 kg.
He is a full member of Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights and Committee on Migration, Refugees and Displaced Persons.
From Nazeer Akbarabadi, Iqbal, Josh, Firaq, Akhtarul Iman to down the line Noon Meem Rashid, Faiz, Ali Sardar Jafri and Kaifi Azmi, Urdu poets have covered common life, philosophical thinking, national issues and the precarious predicament of an individual human being.
Its activities are connected with financial, economic, judiciary and public safety: tax evasion, financial crimes, smuggling, money laundering, international illegal drug trafficking, illegal immigration, human trafficking, modern slavery, customs and borders checks, copyright violations, anti-Mafia operations, credit card fraud, cybercrime, counterfeiting currency, terrorist financing, maintaining public order, and safety, political and military defense of the Italian borders.
Varanasi, a city of one million people that many pilgrims visit to take a "holy dip" in the Ganges, releases around 200 million liters of untreated human sewage into the river each day, leading to large concentrations of fecal coliform bacteria.
In May 2021, the Chinese government allowed its people to conceive a third child, in a move accompanied by "supportive measures" it regarded "conducive" to improving its "population structure, fulfilling the country's strategy of actively coping with an ageing population and maintaining the advantage, endowment of human resources" after declining birth rates recorded in the 2020 Chinese census.
In this documentary based on their letters, Bole-Becker and Salley collaborate with film and video artists, merging original music and visuals into a human interest story honoring the creative spirit.
Pornography in the Philippines is not specifically defined in Philippine law, but the Revised Penal Code of the Philippines considers certain acts to be obscene or indecent and these are prohibited as immoral doctrines, obscene publications, indecent shows, or other similar material or portrayals that advocate human immorality, obscenity, and indecency.
The oldest anatomically modern human fossil from Southeast Asia was found in Callao Cave, near Peñablanca, Cagayan, dated to 67,000 years old in 2010.
It was in complete opposition to previously expounded Unarian principle, wherein members, no matter how far advanced, never interfered or predicted future human activities.
 Tony Tixier, I am Human (Whirlwind Records, 2020)
In 2011 systematic excavations were conducted within the ruins around the area where the human bones have been found and beside one of the walls.
MacLean developed the intriguing theory of the "triune brain" to explain its evolution and to try to reconcile rational human behavior with its more primal and violent side.
Bechri often experienced persecution due to his human rights initiatives in Tunisia.
Also, human error when handling objects can occur, causing abrasions or scratches.
Others entirely rejected the notion of adding onto such a small, narrow, and venerated building: Botta only added a boat dock, while Tschumi simply proposed expanding the human usage of the site to include aquatic sports and large parties.
Parasites travel through the air and attack the human respiratory system.
 Co-founder, Human Intracranial Research Foundation
Rizal further explores the true meaning of human desire for knowledge and designs the guidelines for a Filipino speculative thought.
He described the Paris climate accord, along with the World Health Organisation and Human Rights Council as one of the "three sins".
Chinese government officials deny all allegations that there have been any human rights abuses within the internment camps.
He was turned into a human candle.
Human Nature performed "Will You Love Me Tomorrow" and "Runaound Sue" live on Dancing with the Stars on October 28.
After clinical evaluation of the complete solution in July 2001, the human operation was successfully completed on 9/7/2001.
He died on the cross and was buried as a sacrifice both for original sin and all human transgression and to reconcile us to God.
Although anthocyanins are under basic and early-stage clinical research for a variety of disease conditions, there exists no sufficient evidence that they have any beneficial effect in the human body.
Such 'progress' fills no human needs of either the destroyed or the destroyers.
They wanted to make the three main cast members become more comfortable as a team in Fringe Division; Peter thus was written to be more heroic and to go from reluctance to a desire to help his father, while Walter became gradually more independent and "grounded as a human being".
Musculoskeletal analysis of the human remains found at Parc Cwm long cairn (), Gower, has shown significant gender lifestyle variation.
They are seen as persons that can assume a human or animal body.
Asher later called Wilson a "genius musician but an amateur human being".
Utilization of raw material such as human waste for biogas generation is considered beneficial because it does not require additional starters such as microorganism seeds for methane production, and a supply of microorganisms occurs continuously during the feeding of raw materials.
Alphabet of Movements of the Human Body (Translated from French into English by Raymond Lister, 1892).
To revert a Smash back to a normal human, the Kamen Riders must defeat them and extract their element liquids into an Empty Bottle (which can later be purified into a Fullbottle for their transformation and equipment uses).
In 2011 Human Drama reunited for one concert in Hollywood, CA.
According to multiple resolutions which have been passed by the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, the North Korean government considers religious activities political crimes, because they could challenge the personality cult of Kim Il-sung and his family.
Android 4.0 was focused on simplifying and modernizing the overall Android experience around a new set of human interface guidelines.
Bachelor of Medicine from the Javeriana University, he studied a master's degree in Philosophy at the Javeriana University (2014), and a postgraduate degree in Human Rights at the Open University of Catalonia.
Bergson's thesis of movement is that of an entangled human body and brain in the world of matter where perceptions cause affects and where affects cause actions.
Instead, it is labor itself (more specifically, abstract labor or general human labor) which is constitutive of value, the substance of value.
Being naturally present in the human body, CO2 is the only 100% biocompatible contrast agent, meaning no adverse reactions, such as allergy, nephrotoxicity, and hepatotoxicity.
 La Trobe University (LTU) Research Transforming Human Societies
Another focuses on the audiences engagement with powerful human emotions such as grief, loss and the re-emergence of hope seen in Duality of Light (2009).
The Chinese human Mars exploration program is planned by the Chinese Academy of Sciences for around 2050.
During the dictatorships of Chiang Kai-shek and his son Chiang Ching-kuo, the Presbyterian Church in Taiwan became outspoken in its defense of democracy, human rights, and a Taiwanese identity.
This is in contrast to the original series, wherein people see Sam's true form but convince themselves he is simply an unusually ape-like human male, since it is "impossible" for there to be such a thing as a talking gorilla.
They suggest that when God seems to change from action A to action B in response to prayer, action B was the inevitable event all along, and God divinely ordained human prayer as the means by which God actualized that course of events.
With the computer and Homer's help, the player attempts to piece together a narrative and discover what happened to the human race.
As of 2022, most satellites and human spacecraft are currently launched on ELVs.
In the same period, he rejected suggestions for an international conference on Kosovo and urged western powers to force Albanian delegates to form a united negotiating team "so we can finally sit down at a table like human beings and arrange to bring this sad drama to an end."
As on previous released like Human Emotions and Spectrum VII, the original D.A.C.
However, some video game mascots, especially modern ones, are more human, more realistic characters, such as Nathan Drake or Lara Croft becoming a series mascot.
Babin also noted that the recent discovery of liquid water on Mars and the release of the Ridley Scott film The Martian had "garnered the public's attention, and rightly so" which would prompt the public to ask when there would be a human mission to Mars.
 The assessment of the human and environmental hazard assessment
In October 2020, Ann Sinnott, a director of LGB Alliance at the time, initiated a legal case calling for a judicial review of the Equality and Human Rights Commission's guidance on the Equality Act 2010, crowdfunding almost £100,000 for legal fees.
While serving as director, the Evidence Based Practice Center was selected by the United States Department of Health and Human Services' Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to participate in their Evidence-Based Practice Center IV Program.
The General Committee of the Icelandic Parliament, the Althingi, is responsible for the legislative oversight of human rights.
European Court of Human Rights cases involving Lithuania
Russian human rights ombudsman Vladimir Lukin said that the law will be contested in Russian constitutional courts.
 Howard Koh, MPH '05 Former Massachusetts Commissioner of Public Health; United States Assistant Secretary for Health (U.S. Department of Health and Human Services) 
Mehr Tarar asserts that women's claim of rights over their own bodies and own choices is a God-given right strengthened by the finest of human values.
HAUS, the 8-Subunit Human Augmin Complex, Regulates Centrosome and Spindle Integrity.
Despite this, there is considered to be widespread ignorance and misinformation "regarding human infestation with D. gallinae across healthcare, science and pest control fields", which in turn has led to increasing numbers of infestations and a dangerous propagation of the disease.
Itamarandiba is ranked in the bottom tier of municipalities in the state in human development.
The research suggests that these magpies followed a very similar pattern as human infants while they were developing.
Mauritanian laws, which place the burden of proof on the slave, require that a victim file a complaint before an investigation is launched, and that human rights organisations may not file a case on behalf of a victim, despite the fact that most slaves are illiterate.
Molko has stated the title is a play on words regarding the expression "cold blooded", as the average human body temperature is 37 °C (99 °F).
As a subject to Norwegian law, one has no right to be heard in the Supreme Court, as the universal Human Rights article on a fair trial is believed to be satisfied with the district courts and as courts of appeal the regional courts.
  The Inter-American Platform of Human Rights, Democracy, and Development (PIDHDD), a Mercosur Initiative, Peru Water 2006
Distorted view of the human body and sexuality
These were themes that he would expound on in  his next three books: The Challenge of Man's Future (1954), The Next Hundred Years (1957) and The Human Future Revisited (1978).
Huang’s laboratory was the very first to develop a novel stepwise, chemical protocol for the cellular differentiation of human embryonic stem (hES) cells and induced pluripotent stem (iPS) cells into functional retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) (Riazifar et al 2014, Stem cells translational medicine; Chen et al Stem Cell Res Ther, 2016).
Glycoprotein molecules on the surface of ejaculated sperm cells are recognized by all human female immune systems, and interpreted as a signal that the cell should not be rejected.
The Human Rights Campaign hailed Biden's order as "most substantive, wide-ranging executive order concerning sexual orientation and gender identity ever issued by a United States president".
The devastation of China associated with this led to the reorganization of Earth's government for defense of the human species.
Jacobsen received a Neurological Foundation of New Zealand Postdoctoral Fellowship to study at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, and worked in the Harvard’s Centre for Human Genetic Research laboratory of Professor Marcy MacDonald, developing her interest in complex genetic disorders leading to her research in 'autistic traits and their relationship to genetics'.
As it progresses, however, the work becomes a darker philosophical/psychological treatment of human relations.
Christian philosophers such as Thomas Aquinas (1224–1274) adapted largely to his views and because they believed that the early embryo did not have a human soul, they did not necessarily see early abortion as murder, although they condemned it nonetheless.
In an explanation to why Dunham choose to follow the six runners he selected, he says he finds the marathon to be an "incredible mixing of elite runners with the amateur runners from all across the globe and all ranges of human experience".
The human community depicted in Genesis 1 is a utilitarian one, where man and woman join together, like the male and female of other animals, to further the ends of their species.
In theology, angelism is a pejorative for arguments that human beings are essentially angelic, and therefore sin-less in actual nature.
His rapid progress won him local acclaim especially through his work with guitarist Dennis Wilson with The Powerpact and Mecca; Mecca's only single release "Black Sally" became an underground hit and was covered by Human Instinct on their Stoned Guitar album.
However, a recurring statement in the book is that "wherever there is judgment, there is noise, and more of it than you think", so they argue that there is noise in most areas of human decision making.
The Human and Environmental Risk Assessment (HERA) project performed a thorough investigation of all alkyl sulfates, as such the results they found apply directly to ALS.
In the April 2012 conference, apostle Russell M. Nelson discussed the human body stating "some people erroneously think that these marvelous physical attributes happened by chance or resulted from a big bang somewhere".
It is accepted by the vast majority of scientists that the greenhouse effect which warms Earth is much increased by emission of vast amounts of carbon dioxide and some other gases by human activities.
His goal is to complete himself by stealing the identity those Roidmudes copied like Medic's human sync, Misuzu Hattori in the past while absorbing their life-forces.
Class III materials are estimated to be fatal to an adult human at some dose in excess of 30 grams.
Therefore, cannabinoids such as Δ9-THC might influence processes during the earliest stages of human pregnancy.
Fenech M, Kirsch-Volders M, Natarajan AT, Surrales J, Croft J, Parry J, Norppa H (2011) Molecular mechanisms of micronucleus, nucleoplasmic bridge and nuclear bud formation in human cells.
Louise Cruppi was raised from the age of 10 years old by her grandfather, Isaac Adolphe Crémieux (1796–1880), an influential political figure during the French Second Republic known primarily for his efforts to protect and extend the human rights of French Jews.
On 1 September 2020, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights declared that its experts received reports of 450 documented cases of torture and ill-treatment of people who were arrested during the protests following the presidential election.
In October 2006, a collection of biologists, led by Robinson, successfully published the sequence of the honey bee, Apis mellifera, together with the Baylor Human Genome Sequencing Center (HGSC).
It runs a TV channel dedicated to human rights campaigns, the first of its kind, via the netgem.tv interactive platform.
Nils Muižnieks (born 1964), human rights activist and political scientist
Subject matter has included the highly regarded human trafficking in  The Veiled, male sexual control in Boy, female sexual empowerment in Slipper and the rise of new terrorism in the Middle East for Beautiful Voice.
Burial pits contained human remains, and nearby burial goods.
It supports a broad range of clean energy policy and technology activities that together improve energy efficiency, expand clean energy supply, support energy systems transformation, and enhance human capacity.
The Doctor provides Waechter with the choice of destruction of the chip and transformation into the alien creature, or leaving the chip and living alone on Agelaos as a human.
In the early 1970s Paul R. Ehrlich and John Holdren developed the lettering formula I = PAT to describe the impact of human activity on the environment.
That is inevitable because we have a mandate to promote change – away from unfair stereotypes and discriminatory behaviour and towards a culture of human rights.
The plot revolves around Yusuke and his friends defending the human world against inhabitants of a fourth plane of existence called the "Netherworld".
To guarantee the effective Administration of Human Talent, the development of competitiveness and the strengthening of the processes of formation, training, and investigation.
HeLa cells were the first human cells to be successfully cloned in 1953 by Theodore Puck and Philip I. Marcus at the University of Colorado, Denver.
However, extensive land exploitation increases human activities that attract non-native hunters to these areas, so that hunting of this species through direct persecution has also appeared to increase as a side-effect of the direct impacts of habitat destruction.
We believe that, to understand the nature of love, we need to look at its different types and how we, as human beings, express them.
This tradition includes exact observation, experiment, and the application of anatomical and physiological science, human and comparative, to practical Medicine.
The algorithm may assign (by human hand or stochastically) a priority to one rule or another.
Human Rights and to the Voluntary Sector".
The Court ruled 5–4 in that case that the punishment was not severe enough to infringe the student's "freedom from degrading punishment" under article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
Penalties for those convicted of human trafficking are jail sentences from 7 to 15 years plus hefty fines.
Byron Rogers, On the Trail of the Last Human Cannonball and Other Small Journeys in Search of Great Men (Aurum Press, 2007)
He spent increasing amounts of time in New York City, famously declaring, "To America, my new found land: The man that hates you hates the human race."
While originally only the great apes and young human children were known to make this association with ease, it was found that grey parrots, under most conditions, can also associate sounds with the presence of an object.
The expression of non-coding RNAs, such as antisense Igf2r RNA (Air) on mouse chromosome 17 and KCNQ1OT1 on human chromosome 11p15.5, have been shown to be essential for the imprinting of genes in their corresponding regions.
The modified images looked no different to human eyes.
Only two sociologists turned up in niqabs and later went on to fight an international human rights case on the subject.
"We have seen that there are two styles which it is convenient to describe as the realist, or vernacular, the style of rebels, journalists, common-sense addicts, and unromantic observers of human destiny – and the Mandarin, the artificial style of men of letters or of those in authority who make letters their spare time occupation."
It looks at environments within the human timeline to determine how past societies may have influenced or been influenced by the environment.
Legge worked with Peter Rowley-Conwy on a re-analysis of the animal remains from the Mesolithic site of Star Carr in England, their work showing that human settlement at that site was in summer rather than in winter as was first proposed, and re-interpreting the hunting activities there.
Finn is then transported to an alternate timeline, where he is a normal human living with his family and his dog, Jake, on a farm.
Ivan lost the case and he made an appeal to the committee for Human Rights in Geneva under U.N. Convenat on Civil and Political Rights against the verdict of the Supreme Court.
The purpose of the new institute was to increase the understanding of the importance of the substance Coenzyme Q10 to human health.
He sought to overturn the ban in 2001, relying on the provisions of the Human Rights Act 1998, and was initially successful in the Administrative Court of the High Court of Justice – the first time that an exclusion order had been successfully challenged in court.
This perspective has largely dominated mainstream governmental and NGO perspectives toward human trafficking across international contexts.
In 1883, the volcano of Krakatoa, located on an island in the Sunda Strait, suffered one of the most violent volcanic eruptions in recorded history, with disastrous consequences for the area and elsewhere, including estimates of human fatalities in the tens of thousands, and worldwide temperature and other weather effects for years.
Some user interface professionals like Ben Shneiderman of the University of Maryland, College Park have also criticized its use of a human likeness for giving a misleading idea of the nature of any interaction with a computer, present or future.
CK1ε has also been implicated in modulating various human health issues such as cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, and diabetes.
Human rights watchdogs, Indigenous peoples groups, and environmentalists claim that Lumad territories were being militarized by the Armed Forces of the Philippines and that community leaders and teachers were being detained by the military on suspicion of being rebels.
She has volunteered for various non-governmental organisations since 1989, with a particular focus on those related to human rights and development.
The association between Epstein-Barr virus and nasopharyngeal carcinoma is unequivocal in World Health Organization (WHO) types II and III tumors but less well-established for WHO type I (WHO-I) NPC, where preliminary evaluation has suggested that human papillomavirus (HPV) may be associated.
Chong has become known for her detailed embroidered "drawings" that use human hair as thread; she also works with painted ceramics and prints.
Now the novel raises the question about the proper use of human life.
If you add to that the concentration camps and the terrible human rights abuses in Hong Kong, you ask yourself the question, how do you get the point across that no country can behave like this?
From 1995 he was a member of the committee of ethics in the Human Genome Organization, and from 2005 as deputy chairman.
According to the human rights organization Memorial, reliable sources stated that the execution list for one region of Grozny comprised more than 200 names.
Nesiritide (Natrecor) is the recombinant form of the 32 amino acid human B-type natriuretic peptide, which is normally produced by the ventricular myocardium.
Much of the area is in a wild state without being altered by human activities.
From 1973-1978, Eberhard moved back to the DC area where he was president of the American Institute of Architects Research Corporation, which focused on a broad spectrum of architectural research, including energy conservation and renewable energy, natural disaster mitigation strategies, human factors, and performance-based building codes.
When Bóris is destroyed at the end of the series, Godzilla becomes human again, without the vampiric energy sustained by Bóris' power.
Among the proposed technologies to reach Proxima Centauri b in human lifespans are solar sails that could reach speeds of 20% the speed of light; problems would be how to decelerate a probe when it arrives in the Proxima Centauri system and collisions of the high-speed probes with interstellar particles.
He has participated in many public activities, such as circular letter campaigns, in support of human rights, freedom of speech, and political reform.
When the Animus's evil influence was lifted through the intervention of a mysterious time traveller and his human companions, the Zarbi returned to their docile state.
Ecosystems and Human Well-being: Current State and Trends, Volume 1.
Each of the approximately 37.2 trillion (3.72x1013) cells in an adult human has its own copy or copies of the genome except certain cell types, such as red blood cells, that lack nuclei in their fully differentiated state.
It includes a lament about the human sacrifice of Jephthah's daughter, with the daughter being the singer.
Hygiene - Every six months, hygiene workshops are held at Human and Hope Association.
Principal Investigator for an MRI study on a sub-sample of the Gendep Human Pharmacogenetics Study.
Almost Human (2013–2014, TV Series) as Detective Richard Paul
Her wishes, though, can carry disastrous consequences, like when Sam Manson wished she never met Danny Fenton, it resulted in him remaining fully human.
For instance, in 2007, the film won Artivist Film Festival's Best Feature, International Human Rights Award.
His first book, 'Gene Eating: The Story Of Human Appetite' was published in Dec 2018.
In the episode "Slave Island", Genosha's treatment of mutants as slave labour is adapted from "Welcome to Genosha"/"Busting Loose"/"Who's Human?
Symptoms included depression, homicidal or suicidal thoughts, and a delusional, compulsive wish to eat human flesh...
Manilal calls the religion of Advaita philosophy as "scientific religion" because it signifies the culmination of human intellect in an extremely rational thought.
More recently he has conducted research on the cognitive and emotional processes of reading human faces.
The carving was subsequently interpreted not as a human figure but as a broken Norse Sword by William Goodwin in his book on the America's Stonehenge site.
Epelsiban was found to inhibit the contractile effect of oxytocin in human prostatic tissue through its specific oxytocin receptors in a concentration-dependent manner.
When they assume human form, the Moon, the Sun and the Wind give them clothes and shoes.
The implementation of human resource management (HRM) policies and practices has evolved to focus on the individual worker, and rejects all other third parties such as unions and AIRC.
Perhaps the most convincing argument against it being the result of human agents is that it did cease, probably due to the added weight of the reconstructed upper tiers
Predicate dualists believe that so-called "folk psychology," with all of its propositional attitude ascriptions, is an ineliminable part of the enterprise of describing, explaining, and understanding human mental states and behavior.
The earliest evidence of human settlement in the region is found at the Heliang site near Fengdu and is dated to 15,000 years ago.
Spitting is mostly reserved for other alpacas, but an alpaca will also occasionally spit at a human.
The observation of nature meant that set forms and symbolic gestures which in Medieval art, and particularly the Byzantine style prevalent in much of Italy, were used to convey meaning, were replaced by the representation of human emotion as displayed by a range of individuals.
It is a non-profitable, charitable, independent and non-governmental organization registered with Ministry of Economy (Afghanistan), and dedicated to reduce human suffering.
To visualize the minuteness of the atom, consider that a typical human hair is about 1 million carbon atoms in width.
The evolution of the biosphere and human avatars, Paris, Frisian-Roche, 2003 (translated into Romanian, CD Press, 2004).
In 2005, human rights groups, non-governmental organizations, and the former British ambassador to Uzbekistan Craig Murray, accused her of producing a biased and "propagandist" report on the Andijan massacre in Uzbekistan.
 Scoobert "Scooby" Doo – Scooby-Doo is a "Smart Dog" prototype, who is able to talk like a human being, thanks to a chip that was implanted in his cerebral cortex.
The False Mirror (1928) is a surrealist oil painting by René Magritte that depicts a human eye framing a cloudy, blue sky.
A small group of human scientists have hidden on Matna Plus, on planetoid between Mars and Jupiter.
Its original research focus was to investigate the role of vitamins in human health.
When police searched his home, they found furniture, silverware, and even clothing made of human skin and body parts.
Mobile elements within the human genome can be classified into LTR retrotransposons (8.3% of total genome), SINEs (13.1% of total genome) including Alu elements, LINEs (20.4% of total genome), SVAs and Class II DNA transposons (2.9% of total genome).
Asparagine can become acrylamide during the frying of potatoes and is a probable human carcinogen, so reduced levels of it are desirable.
It takes a considerable amount of extra time, to transfer the catch ups manually and it is more vulnerable for small human errors (Rooijmans, 2003).
This is a list of regions of Mauritania by Human Development Index as of 2017.
A guide to the implementation of Article 9 of the European Convention on Human Rights Strasbourg, Council of Europe, 2007
Finally, the actual composition of the original wetland changes how the surrounding environment is affected by the draining and human development.
 Romantic (album), 1990, by The Human League
The root cause of epidemic was never officially identified; however, it was most likely the result of human error at the Howard Avenue Water Treatment Plant.
My goal is not to paint science fiction, but to express what I find important, beautiful, and inspirational about the world, the universe, and human kind’s place in it from a point of view in the future."
She began practising law in Azarbaijan in 2013 where lawyers who are advocates in human rights cases can find themselves abused on-line and even disbarred, She is one of two women who are willing to champion such cases in her country's conservative culture.
María Elósegui, Spanish judge at the European Court of Human Rights
Kochanski also appears prominently in the Red Dwarf novel Last Human (1995), written by Doug Naylor.
The Human Resources building was used by the enameling department until its conversion in 1948.
It has also been proposed the Graecopithecus may not be a direct ancestor of the human lineage, but instead may have evolved its hominin-like traits independently.
Direct Report Offices – Central administrative activity of the OUSD-I for legislative affairs, human capital, management, and policy oversight
In 1972, in a project partially financed by DARPA, Parke made the first 3D animation of a representation of a human face, his wife's face.
While also teaching at the two universities Dolezal worked part-time at the Human Rights Education Institute.
Jeff Cagandahan is a prominent Filipino intersex man and intersex human rights activist.
The Milan Charter is a document that sets out the principles and objectives on the subject of nutrition, environmental sustainability and human rights.
Hard shoreline engineering was designed to accommodate human development along the coast, focusing on increasing efficiency in the commercial, navigational, and industrial sectors of the economy.
Whereas, traditional calligraphy in the Islamic world is bound by very strict rules, not the least a prohibition on using representations of the human form in manuscripts, calligraffiti artists break free from such rules and allow themselves to reshape and deconstruct letters as well as to combine them with other symbols and figures in creative ways.
In 1968, The Human Beinz released their version on Capitol Records that became a number one chart hit in Japan.
(voiced by Billy Boyd and human form played by Kristina Hewitt) - Chucky and Tiffany's second child and the twin sister of Glen.
Avaaz, the international human rights group, said it could name nine confirmed killed on 16 August in Latakia.
While some economists insist they are necessary to fully appreciate the complexity of the market, others still contend that a model that incorporates human biases is either unrealistic or question its usefulness arguing that a model that doesn't approximate agents as being perfectly rational, with the possibility of minimal exceptions, is unlikely to be successful.
In his eyes people appear to Ernie as differently as individual snowflakes; the corrupt appearing hellish and demonic with the particular sins they committed tattooed to their face or forehead, while the innocent retain a human appearance brandishing a smiley button like he does with a ray of light looming over them.
 Subaru Tachibana, a main character in the manga series Stray Human
Despite their friendly facade, the Ape-Vengers are far more ruthless and bestial than their human counterparts.
They always attempted to justify their invasion and their plans to exterminate the human race.
This organization promotes education as a basic human right.
Injected human Muse cells preferentially integrate into the damaged glomeruli and spontaneously differentiate into cells expressing markers of podocytes (podocin; ~31%), mesangial cells (megsin; ~13%), and endothelial cells (CD31; ~41%) without fusing with host glomerular cells; attenuate glomerular sclerosis and interstitial fibrosis; and induce the recovery of renal function, including creatinine clearance.
For Human Treatment of Animals - to a campaign in support of homeless animals, which was carried out by a number of organizations and entities: public associations "Aegis" and "Salvation", "protection of life", "Pets", former volunteers of the "Fauna of the city", "Initiative", "Belarusian music alternative" and others.
The EFA stands on the left of the political spectrum, and in the Brussels declaration it emphasises the protection of human rights, sustainable development and social justice.
The recording of the music is done by the human musicians and artists, whom the virtual artists are depicted to emulate.
Just as the emergence of life fundamentally transformed the geosphere, the emergence of human cognition will fundamentally transform the biosphere.
To American school children of the 1920s and 1930s, Cher Ami was as well known as any human World War I heroes.
On Islam, he stated how it was good for abolishing the disgrace in human relationship, based on one of his speeches to railway employees at Tiruchirapalli in 1947.
Number 2 continues to show his greater power by destroying cities and turning the human race against Daniel, and Daniel continues to struggle to find a way to beat him.
She is also the CEO and President of Christian Freedom International, a human rights organization that works against global persecution of Christians.
In collaboration with some of the leading European human exposure scientists, IOM has been developing a new generation  exposure model for use in connection with the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) Regulations in Europe – the model is known as the Advanced REACH Tool or ART.
Sir Geoff Palmer, OBE, grain scientist and human rights advocate, 1977–2005
In many places, the natural, pristine populations of free-roaming large grazers are either extinct or very limited due to human activities.
Although acting sickly, the human refrains from telling others of the situation for fear of being killed.
Don Chaffin (born 1939) is an American engineer currently the R. G. Snyder Distinguished University Professor Emeritus at University of Michigan and an Elected Fellow to the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering, American Industrial Hygiene Association, Society of Automotive Engineers, American Association for the Advancement of Science, Ergonomics Society, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
The appearance of baboons on canopic jars, which housed the organs of human mummies, is testament of the animals’ tremendous cultural significance.
He began his human rights work in 2003, which has twice led to his arrest.
The Vermont Department of Corrections, Agency of Human Services, has released a qualitative report on the Circles of Support and Accountability program used as part of their re-entry services.
Due to the toxin that K. brevis produces, these red tides can be detrimental to marine life and can even affect human populations along coasts where they occur.
Incorporating elements of aquatic, plant, and human life, Tschäpe’s universe of sublime forms shift between representation, fantasy and abstraction.
Human parasites are divided into endoparasites, which cause infection inside the body, and ectoparasites, which cause infection superficially within the skin.
Eventually, the last male channeler was killed or cut off from the One Power, leaving the human race all but destroyed and only women able to wield the One Power safely.
The goat gonads failed to engraft into the body, as they were simply placed within the human male testicle sac or the abdomen of women, near the ovaries.
He founded the Neven Subotic foundation in 2012, which works on realization of the human right for access to clean water, with a particular focus in Ethiopia.
Since it is well known that instantly upon introduction of a nanoparticle to a biomolecular medium, a protein corona forms on its surface, one study exposed nanoparticles to biological fluids like human plasma and observed how the length of exposure to these mediums can affect the formation of the corona.
To Goodman, this trade-off was "absurd": even with better schools and staffing, it would still be wrong to "socialize" youth into role responsibilities detrimental to human nature.
"[...]Venezuela is notorious as the only country at the UN Human Rights Council last year to vote against holding Syria accountable, effectively backing its mass murder of 200,000 people.
The board of Physicians for Human Rights, in a letter to Shin Bet chief Yuval Diskin, rejected the "crossing of a red line in a democracy."
The object of the political party as reported at its founding meeting in Calgary in 1932 was  "the federation [joining together] of organizations whose purpose is the establishment in Canada of a co-operative commonwealth, in which the basic principle of regulating production, distribution and exchange will be the supplying of human needs instead of the making of profit."
Due to the presence of these beneficial traits, the schizophrenia gene has not been selected against and has remained prevalent in human development over numerous generations.
Those whose usurious and avaricious dealings lead to the hunger and death of their brethren in the human family indirectly commit homicide, which is imputable to them.
However, smuggling situations can nonetheless in reality descend into situations that can best be described as extreme human rights abuses, with smuggled migrants subject to threats, abuse, exploitation and torture, and even death at the hands of smugglers.
It is an important bacteriostatic agent that is commonly used in human and veterinary medicine.
The player-character befriends neighboring animal characters, who can visit the player's campsite, as can other human players both invited and at random.
Tim Gerritsen was the Business Development Manager at Human Head Studios.
Johnson earned a bachelor's degree in Human Services, Youth Development Programming, and Management and a master's degree in Teaching from Aurora University.
Article 191 of the federal constitution states that "it is a human right to decide on the birth of children".
The "Armstrong Limit", the altitude above which water boils at the temperature of the human body, is named after him.
Kirby welcomed parts of the DPRK Association for Human Rights Studies report as "fair comment" but noted that it fails to discuss the issues raised in the Commission of Inquiry report.
In 1987, the chairman of the Congress subcommittee on Africa, Michigan congressman Howard Wolpe, accused Daniel arap Moi of bankrolling criminals and committing human rights abuses.
The student of human medicine discovered the footbag game for herself at the age of 13 in a sports holiday camp in Switzerland.
"Women defenders of human rights: the good, the great and the gutsy".
In it, she tells of her experience in 1996 of having a stroke in her left hemisphere and how the human brain creates our perception of reality and includes tips about how Dr. Taylor rebuilt her own brain from the inside out.
He also serves as a commissioner of the board of the IBT Human Rights Commission (he was appointed by IBT General President James P. Hoffa), while also holding a seat on the board of Group Health Insurance (GHI), and the Health Insurance Plan of New York (HIP).
One investigation, published 2011, reported on a study on human stereopsis recovery using perceptual learning which was inspired by Barry's work.
There are thirteen gold appliques for horse halters with images of human, animals and plants - objects which are rare in Thracian archaeology.
To do so SUD-Net plans to unite legal frameworks for human settlements development to planning and management strategies of urban areas and participation of such practices.
Noam helped to create, and co-taught, the first stand-alone course dedicated to exploring the human rights responsibilities of global business at Columbia Business School in the early 1990s.
In April 2016, Pugachev's lawyer Karinna Moskalenko filed a complaint with the European Court of Human Rights concerning the facts of violations committed with consideration in Russia of a civil claim for subsidiary responsibility.
In 2004, the Law on Social Responsibility in Radio and Television was passed, allowing the government to censor media in order to "promote social justice and further the development of the citizenry, democracy, peace, human rights, education, culture, public health, and the nation’s social and economic development."
Deborah Fouts was the co-director of  the Chimpanzee and Human Communication Institute (CHCI).
He often exaggerated the efficacy of the disputed CoronaVac, which the country heavily relied on for immunization, including suggestion that a third dose of CoronaVac may result in an immunity more or less comparable to that of Pfizer-BioNTech's vaccine, or arguing for the mixing Sinovac's and AstraZeneca's vaccines based on a very small human trial.
This allows for shots to be taken at angles and distances that would not have been possible with the human arm by itself.
Abdolfattah Soltani, Iranian human rights lawyer
The prize ultimately went to Iranian human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh and filmmaker Jafar Panahi.
As of the year 2000 it had been reported in 15 cases of human endocarditis, mainly in men with underlying valvular disease and/or poor dentition or dental manipulation.
Machine interface: Errors in this category refer to mistakes in human interaction with tools or machines.
The novel claims Constantine wanted Christianity to unify the Roman Empire but thought it would appeal to pagans only if it featured a demigod similar to pagan heroes, so he destroyed the Gnostic Gospels that said Jesus was a human prophet and promoted the gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, which portray Jesus as divine.
Real human hair is then inserted painstakingly strand by strand.
v. France (2008), the Grand Chamber of the Strasbourg Court ruled that the authorities' refusal to allow a person to adopt a child on the basis of sexual orientation creates a difference of treatment incompatible with human rights.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor 3 also known as S1PR3 is a human gene which encodes a G protein-coupled receptor which binds the lipid signaling molecule sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P).
There is no resident human population; the site is used principally for nature conservation and scientific research.
Radio Times described Morgan's performance as "an accomplished study in human weakness ... played with precision and pathos."
Although being an essential trace element in the human body, manganese can be somewhat toxic if ingested in higher amounts than normal.
This word never means an immortal soul or an incorporeal part of the human being that can survive death of the body as the spirit of dead.
Distinctive human genetic variability has arisen as the result of the founder effect, by archaic admixture and by recent evolutionary pressures.
Hosted at the Peru Amateur Circus building on North Broadway Street, this stunt consisted of Miser launching himself from his custom-made human crossbow 104 feet, 7 inches into the air and covering a distance of 31.87 meters.
However, as a former member of the moderate Republican Main Street Partnership, Stevens supported human embryonic stem cell research.
Micropaleontology is also a tool of geoarchaeology used in the archaeological reconstruction of human habitation sites and environments.
The underlying concept states that human construction and production of emissions, has created a number of gaseous chemical compounds which add to existing greenhouse gases.
Carroll released two studio albums, So Close (1993) and Only Human (1996), both of which reached number two on the UK Albums Chart and were certified platinum.
In 1970, she organized "Beautiful People," which later became known as the "International Human Learning Resources Network."
 Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease, sometimes called a human form of bovine spongiform encephalopathy
Neuroimaging intelligence testing concerns the use of neuroimaging techniques to evaluate human intelligence.
Civilisation is the aim of education, but it can only mask human instincts superficially.
was the 1981 debut studio album by American rock band Human Switchboard.
The presentation of media is further explored for its interest in the human experience through work done by George Gerbner and his Cultivation Theory.
On June 23, 1980, under then the Minister of Human Settlements, First Lady Imelda Marcos, the hospital became operational.
"We also wish to express grave concern that Dr Sen appears to be incarcerated solely for peacefully exercising his fundamental human rights," the letter said.
Given the potential threat to marine ecosystems and its ensuing impact on human society and economy, especially as it acts in conjunction with anthropogenic global warming, there is an urgent need for immediate action."
Many formal (un-natural) programming languages incorporate idioms of natural human language.
Individuals who are able to make the shift from the perspective of an individual to the perspective of a member or systems-centered perspective are less likely to take personally the inevitable challenges that arise as a human system moves toward its goal.
Stress can have many profound effects on the human biological systems.
Sociological analysts refer to  "individual-level elements of social capital" or "an individual's social capital" or just "individual social capital" while economic analysts often use the phrase firm-specific human capital.
Feng Zhang at the Broad Institute had shown that CRISPR-Cas9 could edit genes in cultured human cells a few months after Doudna and Charpentier published their method.
The planned abolition of the system, however, has been criticised by human rights groups, with Amnesty International issuing a report titled "Changing the Soup but Not the Medicine."
§ 14132, "Congress authorized the FBI to create a national index of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) samples taken from convicted offenders, crime scenes and victims of crime, and unidentified human remains."
Al-Nimr's trial was called unfair by Professor of Human Rights Law Christof Heyns, and Amnesty International, as well as French President François Hollande and Prime Minister Manuel Valls, who called for the execution to be stopped.
The fact that slash-and-burn itself requires a relatively low human population density or a continuing supply of new "frontier" lands, also caused overpopulation and by the late 16th century forced migration by Forest Finns from Savonia () and Northern Häme (Tavastland).
More specifically, human granulocytic differentiation is controlled by a regulatory circuitry involving miR-223 and two transcriptional factors, NFIA and C/EBPα.
The group wrote letters to Louis Wade Sullivan, the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, and to William Reilly, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, asking for meetings with the officials to discuss governmental policy on environmental discrimination.
After a battle with the administration of the Lebanese University, she was appointed as the Dean of Literature and Human Sciences, receiving an endorsement from the cabinet in 1971; she was the first woman ever to be appointed to a senior post at a Lebanese university.
The theories of Dart and Ardrey flew in the face of prevailing theories of human origins.
Dr. Ketan Patel is the key innovator behind world's first Methylcobalamin Nasal Spray, commercialized as Naso B12, which corrects Vitamin B12 deficiency in the human body.
The film follows a bodyguard, a police officer and their team who have to take down a large human trafficking group in Malaysia in order to rescue the kidnapped daughter of a rich tycoon and other hostages.
Therefore, the human and environmental impact of Shell's failure to properly clean up pollution cannot be defended by reference to illegal activity that, allegedly, caused the oil spills.
The second part deals with various threats that human society has created.
Although it was manmade loveliness, its beauty was created by the human hand for the purposes of worship.
In 2010, author and professor Alberto Valencia Granada published a book called When Success is a Crime: Filanbanco: A Case of Violation of Human Rights in Ecuador.
Founded in the United States in 1950, it is an evangelical relief and development organization whose stated goal is "to follow our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ in working with the poor and oppressed to promote human transformation, seek justice and bear witness to the good news of the Kingdom of God."
After Noriega was imprisoned in France, Panama asked the French government to extradite Noriega so he could face trial for human rights violations in Panama.
The ability to understand obscurity is therefore both the gift of God and reinforced by human teaching.
She also lent her voice to "Linda", the main human character in Carlos Saldanha's animated film Rio, which earned over $484 million worldwide and also featured vocal performances by Jamie Foxx and Anne Hathaway; as well as to Jonah Hill's animated FOX television series Allen Gregory, as the title character's second-grade teacher.
9 January: After a motion presented by Costa Rica requesting clarifications on the rights of same-sex couples, the Inter-American Court of Human Rights ruled that all signatory parties of the Pact of San José were required to provide the same rights to same-sex couples, including marriage, possibly legalizing same-sex marriage in most of the Americas.
In it, the court refused to extend the "more likely or not" test found in the Human Rights Act 1998 to cover defamation as well as breach of confidentiality (the subject of the Cream case).
The video could also be perceived as global warming or the effect of human mistreatment, destroying the beauty of nature on its own.
He is married to Iulia Motoc, Judge at the European Court of Human Rights with whom he has one son, Luca-Mihnea.
Sable, a human skeleton Or seated upon a mossy stone proper and in dexter chief a castle triple towered argent on a chief also argent a cross gules thereon a harp or and in the first quarter a sword erect gules
(2004), A Comprehensive Survey of Human Y-Chromosomal Microsatellites Am.
Professionally, Labidi is a political and economic consultant, specializing in Arab Civil Society, and the promotion of democracy and human rights.
Unger contends that the perennial philosophy is an unsatisfactory response to the human situation, because it rests on a denial of transformation, difference, and time, all of which he considers central to a meaningful life.
Thomas knows that human beings are essentially physical, but physicality has a spirit capable of returning to God after life.
Pillai is the Founder President of Human Development Foundation India, a Civil Society Organisation in the National Capital Region, New Delhi.
The criteria for what constitutes human spaceflight vary.
There were fears that the increased demand for prostitutes from the visiting fans would lead to a surge in human trafficking.
Since then, the ship has been carrying out human rights monitoring at sea.
 The Sourtoe Cocktail Club: The Yukon Odyssey of a Father and a Son in Search of a Mummified Human Toe ... and Everything Else (2011), Globe Pequot Press ()
He lives in an orbital space station called New Oa from which he protects Earth from alien attacks, and has ceased to meddle in human affairs.
"The traditional custom is that one is only allowed to study the bhikshu or bhikshuni vows after having taken them", Karma Lekshe Tsomo stated during congress while talking about Gender Equality and Human Rights: "It would be helpful if Tibetan nuns could study the bhikshuni vows before the ordination is established.
She is also trusted by young Rebi, and brings human emotion to the often stoic bridge crew.
It’s very important to move the listener and I feel that is music's main goal: to make another human feel something."
 ISO/IEC 11411:1995 Information technology - Representation for human communication of state transition of software
He is often represented as a human with horns and other features of an ox.
David Benjamin Goldstein is an American human geneticist.
Nsibidi has a wide vocabulary of signs usually imprinted on calabashes, brass ware, textiles, wood sculptures, masquerade costumes, buildings and on human skin.
On Danu Talis, Scathach, Joan of Arc, Saint-Germain, Palamedes, Shakespeare, and the young Prometheus crash their vimana on the original Yggdrasill and meet Hekate and Mars (then Huitzilopochtli), who plan to lead the human inhabitants of the Yggdrasill to liberate the incarcerated Aten.
While cultural evolution itself is a much older topic, with a history that dates back at least as far as Darwin's era, Dawkins (1976) proposed that the meme is a unit of information residing in the brain and is the mutating replicator in human cultural evolution.
Erisha poses as human and takes the name Trisha in order to introduce herself to Jamie and use him for their purposes.
85–172, as amended) requires the United States Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) to inspect all domesticated birds when slaughtered and processed into products for human consumption.
Since then, the leading Belarusian human rights organization has been working without registration.
He in fact suggests that new technologies have had remarkably little effect on pre-existing human beliefs.
The human engrailed homologs 1 and 2 encode homeodomain-containing proteins and have been implicated in the control of pattern formation during development of the central nervous system and the limbs.
Protein binding ranged from 50 to 85% when concentration levels of trospium chloride (0.5 to 50 ng/mL) were incubated with human serum in vitro.
Laureate of the National Press Prize of the Union of Journalists of the Russian Federation and Amnesty International for 2003 Human Rights and Strengthening Civil Society in Russia.
Jerry Kovacs - human rights lawyer
On the other hand, human activities may also expand the dispersal range of a species by providing new dispersal methods (e.g., ships).
 "Comparative Policy Analysis: Introduction" Human Geography 6 (2) (2013): 1-10
A structural but not sequential homolog of the human M1 receptor has been reported in Acanthamoeba castellanii and Naegleria fowleri.
Melomics (derived from "genomics of melodies") is a computational system for the automatic composition of music (with no human intervention), based on bioinspired algorithms.
On working with Hudson, he said, "She is beautiful in every way: as a person, as a singer, as a human being.
Harald E. L. Prins (born 1951) is a Dutch anthropologist, ethnohistorian, filmmaker, and human rights activist specialized in North and South America's indigenous peoples and cultures.
The United States had been pressuring the OAS for weeks to condition Cuba's readmission to the group on democratic principles and commitment to human rights.
Francis preached the Christian doctrine that the world was created good and beautiful by God but suffers a need for redemption because of human sin.
The Stone Age era lasted 800,000 years, and involved three different human species: Homo erectus, Homo neanderthalensis and Homo sapiens.
He is the author of four books in Tamil, திருவள்ளுவர் கண்ட உலகம், "Thiruvalluvar Kanda Ulagam”, 1996, "Manitha Udambil Maaberum Sakthi (Great Powers of the Human Body), Erai Nalam and அன்பான வீடு அகிலம் புகழ் நாடு, "Anbaana Veedu Agilam Puhaz Naadu", 2006.
Hossam Ghariani, president of Egypt's National Council for Human Rights and chairman of the Constituent Assembly, expressed hope that Kosovo would soon be a member of the United Nations.
In October 2021, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) started a rolling review of tixagevimab/cilgavimab, which is being developed by AstraZeneca AB, for the prevention of COVID-19 in adults.
Duble's best known works were human figures or heads, worked in stone, cement, and terracotta.
The Presidential Human Rights Council has demanded the withdrawal of the article used to imprison Dadin from the Criminal Code.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights Act 2003 puts an obligation on the Courts to "ensure that rights and liabilities ... are determined within a reasonable time".
Kuniyoshi Obara believed that there are six areas of human culture: academics, morality, art, religion, the body, and livelihood.
The enthusiasm for human rights served to move national sentiment away from guilt and restore national pride, obscuring many aspects of America's recent history and limiting the lessons of the Vietnam War to narrow parameters.
These results offer hope that in vivo generation of patient customized cells is feasible, providing materials that could be useful for transplantation, human antibody generation, and drug screening applications.
From 1997 to 2005, he was Executive Director of the Catholic Campaign for Human Development of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, the largest private funding source for organizations working to eradicate poverty and social injustice in the USA
In 2006, La Familia Michoacana broke relations with the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas, and Moreno González heralded the organization's independence when several of his gunmen tossed five human heads on a discothèque dance floor in Uruapan.
To provide independent opinions for national reports submitted by the government in accordance with the provisions of international human rights treaties
Smolin's basic view regarding the scope of the international movement is that not all worthy human causes deserve to be labeled or acted upon as a right.
The majority of new entrants to the adult film industry enjoyed their work with Fucking Machines because they discovered it was more socially acceptable to perform with a sexual device, rather than a human partner.
In 2015 Agham was among the organizers of the International People's Conference on Mining (IPCM), a gathering of people's organizations, support groups, community leaders, environmental defenders, human rights activists, Church workers, students, peoples' lawyers and scientists, and other individuals and groups opposed to large-scale mining.
Life Resource Management, CRM & Human Factors.
Austin, Travis County and Williamson County have been the site of human habitation since at least 9200 BC.
She was the senior vice-president strategic planning and human resources, which made her responsible for planning a number of major business initiatives that included the nationwide distribution expansion that began in 1997.
October 6, 2004 – The National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI) announces that the first draft version of the bovine genome sequence has been deposited into free public databases.
Discarnate Influence in Human Life: A Review of the Case for Spirit Intervention (London: International Institute for Psychical Research, translated by Isabel Emerson, 1938)
Robert L. Bernstein, 96, American publisher (Random House) and human rights activist (Helsinki Watch).
During that year, she also took part in the Human Rights Commission of the United Nations.
It is important to be aware of human tracking, further details are listed below.
She would later visit the Maidanek extermination camp in Poland in 1954, which sparked her interest in the power of compassion and resilience of the human spirit.
For that to happen the country must satisfy the first of the Copenhagen criteria: it must be a politically stable democracy that respects human rights.
Together with Sanctuary for Families it launched New York's New Abolitionists campaign to raise awareness of human trafficking.
Bodmer was one of the first to suggest the idea of the Human Genome Project.
The earliest traces of human settlements in this area relate to the Paleolithic.
Forests like the Baikanthapur with all their diversity of life and value in moderating water flow continue to be eroded by the growing human population.
He was a coordinator of the Calhoun County Human Services Coordinating Council, 1992–1997.
The Supreme Court of India recognised this fusion of the law by further expanding the application of its equitable and remedial powers in the areas of environmental degradation, tort law, strict liability doctrines and human rights.
A group of Indians "squatted about a fire, invited Schuyler to share their broth but his appetite was spoiled when he saw a human hand ladled out of the kettle.
“As genetic manipulation accelerates beyond cosmetic enhancements and lifesaving surgeries, animal and plant genes are modified, then used to modify human beings.
Ojong, Victor D. Sibarani, Albert Hasibuan, Bambang Widjojanto, Johannes Cornelis Princen and other notable human rights activists and lawyers, Yap was one of the founders of  (YLBHI), formerly known as Lembaga Bantuan Hukum (LBH), which was a legal aid society to help the poor.
Martin is committed to the critical role of human culture as a necessary and effective force in nature conservation, and in creating solutions across boundaries and ideologies.
From 1998–2004, Daniel rejoined the World Health Organization headquarters in Geneva as a Senior Policy Adviser to the Director General with a specific focus on health and human rights, HIV/AIDS and communicable diseases, and family health.
In 2011, the position of Age Discrimination Commissioner was created within the Australian Human Rights Commission.
Wheeler created the ACC to advocate the prevention of human infiltrations such as electricity and housing in the Canadian wilderness.
At this stage, both human and mouse epiblasts consist of a pseudostratified columnar epithelium.
They cannot be considered human beings.
This work is helping to explain how a cell’s nucleus is organised, an area that has particular importance to human diseases such as inherited genetic conditions which can have modified or disrupted organelles.
Plastic is not human tissue.
For 4 October, organizers had called for a human chain of protesters around Lake Constance, but abandoned this plan as there were only 2,000 participants according to police.
Dan Reehil, a pastor at the Roman Catholic parish school of St Edward in Nashville, Tennessee, banned the books from the school library on the grounds that "The curses and spells used in the books are actual curses and spells; which when read by a human being risk conjuring evil spirits into the presence of the person reading the text".
The district encompasses a variety of archaeological sites relating to human occupation from 8000 B.C.
Kadare said that Albania's priorities in the Security Council will include a focus on women, peace, and security, promoting human rights and international law, preventing conflicts, protecting civilians, countering violent extremism, addressing climate change and its links to security, and strengthening multilateralism and the rules-based international order.
It also portrays human crying with a high level of detail, and the quality of the real-time graphics have been compared to pre-rendered CGI animation.
In the alternate timeline created by the events of Flashpoint, Blackout is recruited by Cyborg into a team of superheroes whose mission was to end the Amazon-Atlantean war, which had devastated Europe and caused millions of human casualties.
FTL:2448 (1982), roleplaying game written by Richard Tucholka and published by Tri Tac Games, Ross 128 is the home of the second human colony around another world.
He served as the North West MEC for Cooperative Governance, Human Settlement and Traditional Affairs from May 2019 until his death in July 2020.
Ed.Ian Peddie, Popular Music and Human Rights.
She explained that while her flaws may appear in the human characters, her "hopes for perfection" may appear in the Dolls.
The creature is described by Mildred Darby as being about the size of a sheep with a human face, black holes for eyes and a nose and giving off the smell of a rotting corpse.
As the same work is being carried out in different parts of the world, it increases the range of abilities of the group by getting to a more extensive pool of Human Resources worldwide.
In this segment, Hoober-Bloob babies don't have to be human if they don't choose to be, so Mr. Hoober-Bloob shows them a variety of different animals; including ones from If I Ran The Zoo (and On Beyond Zebra!).
Denis Fomin as Reva ("criminal"), human trafficker, supplies brothels with young women, blackmails Dima.
After remixing "Star Child" from his Star One album Space Metal in Pro Logic, and "Day 11: Love" from The Human Equation in 5.1, Arjen was very motivated and excited about making an entire album in 5.1.
The Gabonese government made some efforts to prevent human trafficking during 2010.
He argued that even human infants are intuitively sensitive to natural classifications.
Enid Mumford (6 March 1924 – 7 April 2006) was a British social scientist, computer scientist and Professor Emerita of Manchester University and a Visiting Fellow at Manchester Business School, largely known for her work on human factors and socio-technical systems.
The first crystal structure of human testis ACE was solved in the year 2002 by R. Natesh in the lab of K. Ravi Acharya and the work was published in the journal Nature in January 2003.
 The Medicines (Products for Human Use—Fees) Amendment Regulations 2000 (S.I.
The basic philosophical idea behind the proposal, explained in the book, was the contention that in the state of nature, "the earth, in its natural uncultivated state... was the common property of the human race".
844 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision where the Court found that the city of Longueuil that required all permanent employees to reside within the municipality was in violation of the Quebec Charter of Human Rights and Freedoms
The creature was commonly claimed to have a human face but with a body covered in hair.
In August 2019, Xu spoke out on Twitter, Sina Weibo, and YouTube questioning the government's reporting of the Hong Kong protests, stating that the Chinese government was running a "smear campaign", and met with human rights lawyer Chen Qiushi who had shared similar views.
 ... education that opens people’s eyes and minds to the realities of the world, and awakens them to bring about a world of greater justice, equity and human rights for all.
Kogi has both the 23rd highest Human Development Index and GDP in the country.
The following is a sample text in Lozi of the Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (by the United Nations):
Ellen Marx continued to investigate human rights violations and crimes committed under the dictatorship for the rest of her life.
The human waste commonly found in these public fountains were removed by pre-dawn night-soil collectors.
Studies suggest VT-1161 and VT-1129 are a potential potent antifungal drugs as they disturbs fungal enzymatic function but not human enzymes.
Nice Nailantei Leng'ete is a Kenyan human rights activist, advocating for alternative rite of passage (ARP) for girls in Africa and campaigning to stop female genital mutilation (FGM).
In 1857, he was awarded the Clementine Prize for best painting of a human figure for a competition.
One theory of why many brains are synaptically pruned when a human or other primate grows up is that maintenance of synapses consume nutrients which may be needed elsewhere in the body during growth and sexual maturation.
NCI-60 Human Tumor Cell Lines Screen 
The story of the creation of man (90-123), which includes a description of the structure of the human body (114-123).
“Recognising the changes that new technologies, scientific development and the process of Mondialisation have brought about, and aware of the need to address their impact upon and potential consequences for human rights and fundamental freedoms“, states in its Preamble.
 2014 – Fabrizio Bentivoglio and Fabrizio Gifuni – Human Capital
 Cardiovascular Epidemiology and Human Genomics Branch
Founded in 2002, The Pelagos Sanctuary focuses on the protection of Mediterranean cetaceans under threat from human involvement.
List of Ecuadorian provinces by Human Development Index
Professor Nicholas Hastie, director, Human Genetics Unit, Medical Research Council.
Nonetheless, many States, such as Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom, expressed concern about, amongst other things, human rights violations against the Rohingya people, as there were still much more room for improvement in this area.
The aim of the organization was proclaimed to achieve protection of the rejected interests and to recover the violated rights of Western Armenians, as well as achievement of reparations and compensations for the moral, human, material, and territorial damages aggrieved during the Armenian genocide.
Some of the concepts contained in The Power of Now, such as the human ego and its negative effects on happiness, are further elaborated in the author's later books, especially A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose (2005).
The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 11, 1-18.
In 2015, the Obama administration signed an executive order which imposed targeted sanctions on seven Venezuelan officials whom the White House argued were instrumental in human rights violations, persecution of political opponents and significant public corruption and said that the country posed an "unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States."
Winner of Gustavus Myers Outstanding Book Award for the Study of Human Rights in North America.
The Society rejected loyalty to any human government; one historian has described the Non-Resistance Society's "basic outlook as that of philosophical anarchism".
It became extinct around 3000 years ago as a result of human settlement in these areas during that time.
Native Americans were the first human visitors to Roan Mountain.
It is used as a measure of "protein quality" for human nutritional purposes.
These include a view of the unconscious mind and unconscious thought processes, the view that unwholesome unconscious forces cause much of human suffering and the idea that one may gain insight into these thought processes through various practices, including what Freud called "evenly suspended attention."
Other Vertigo titles he edited until 1999 included Garth Ennis' Preacher, Black Orchid, Kid Eternity, Hellblazer, Unknown Soldier, 100 Bullets and Human Target.
Competitors, spectators and thought leaders from around the world had been expected to unite for the 10-day World OutGames in Miami featuring more than 450 events across three areas- Sport, Culture and Human Rights.
Shannon Dahl and Juliana Blum, co-founded Humacyte, a company based in Durham, North Carolina, that is pioneering the development and manufacture of off-the-shelf, universally implantable, bioengineered human tissues to improve the lives of patients and transform the practice of medicine.
Many 19th-century thinkers relied upon binary stereotypes that categorized human beings either as "healthy" or "degenerate", "normal" or "abnormal", "insiders" or "outsiders".
In a sun-obscuring crisis, stored food would last the human population less than one year.
Without any human on-board autonomous vessels, it will be a difficult task to comply with these regulations.
Christine Goodwin v. United Kingdom is a case decided by the European Court of Human Rights on 11 July 2002.
 "Put Your Big Toe in the Milk of Human Kindness" (with Rob Wasserman) – 4:10 
I know nothing human that is so; but surely she doth not deserve the Rancour with which she hath been treated by the Public.
Her mother was Deputy Secretary of Vermont's Agency of Human Services.
This accounts for many of his extraordinary feats, including bench pressing  as a warm-up, vision and reflexes fast enough to dodge bullets, and running a mile (1.6 km) in less than a minute (60 mph/97 km/h, easily exceeding the maximum speed achieved by the best human sprinters).
This character is an expression of the human creating the virtual character.
The United States Department of Education took up 60 percent of its space, while the United States Department of Health and Human Services had 30 percent and the Broadcasting Board of Governors (the body which governs the Voice of America and other U.S. government broadcasting bodies) had the remainder.
The press, civil society, and legal scholars express concern that the government's efforts to pursue justice for human rights crimes committed during the military dictatorship does not include armed guerrilla groups that also were accused of committing abuses during the same time period.
His early research considered the effects of drugs on human memory.
He presided over a period of widespread human rights violations.
Their quantity is not affected by human consumption.
 Human Brain Project and Blue Brain Project (EPFL) (5000 m2)
Human pressure is extending into almost every corner of the planet.
Reason, democracy, the effort of the individual human will, liberty and equality were at a discount."
In this quote, Neil defines the term "bela arte noturna" (beautiful nocturne art), a reference to vampirical conditions/practices in opposition to human condition.
Two of these books, The Hockey Drill Book published by Human Kinetics Pub.
Since all human experience represents unique knowledge, within the knowledge space all individuals are valued for their unique knowledge regardless of race (earth space), nationality (territorial space), or economic status (commodity space).
Her father, the late Floyd J. Malveaux, was the dean of the College of Medicine at Howard University, executive director of the Merck Childhood Asthma Network and a founder of Howard University's National Human Genome Center.
 Ève Bazaiba, Democratic Republic of the Congolese lawyer, politician and human rights activist.
Instead Human Computer Interface (HCI) control input needs to be methods lend themselves to mobility and/or hands-free use are good candidates, for example:
Government critics and human rights defenders nevertheless held public gatherings.
(1) Whereas every person in Lesotho is entitled, whatever his race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status to fundamental human rights and freedoms...
An empirical test of the relationship between eeriness and the human likeness of digitally created faces.
The international human rights organizations Oslo Freedom Forum, PEN International, and Amnesty International, in contrast, stated their belief that Valladares had been imprisoned solely for his anti-Castro stance, and the latter organization named him a prisoner of conscience.
Miss Susan Cushing of Croydon receives a parcel in the post that contains two severed human ears packed in coarse salt.
He published his findings during 1862, together with extraordinary photographs of the induced expressions, in the book The Mechanism of Human Physiognomy (Mécanisme de la physionomie humaine).
Through experimentation on dog cadavers, Mall developed a method of embalming and cold storage that enhanced the preservation of human cadavers and other biological samples.
Commentary on the Maastricht Guidelines indicate that although the acts listed in Guideline 14 are generic, they are premised by the fact that all human rights have positive and negative obligations.
ARABICA ran the occasional controversial article about human rights abuses and corruption in the Middle East.
It is so named because the pommel of the dagger has a very distinctive shape, somewhat resembling a human ear.
In some cases, some form of treatment is required to make these waters suitable for human use.
Human lives and millions of dollars depend upon how carefully a test mission is planned and flown.
If in an human embryo during the limb development the separation of the phalanges fails, the child gets born with syndactyly.
It also permitted production of spaghetti without contact by human hands for a more sanitary process.
Human uses of plants include both practical uses, such as for food, clothing, and medicine, and symbolic uses, such as in art, mythology and literature.
He sat on the human resources state board, having been appointed by Governor Bob Riley.
Though many parts of the human body are deemed ticklish, tickle torture is commonly associated with the tickling of the bare feet or armpits.
On June 12, 2020, the Department of Health and Human Services finalized and revealed its replacement rule.
The film was screened at various film festivals, including: the Toronto International Film Festival, Canada; the Huelva Latin American Film Festival, Spain; the Norwegian International Film Festival, Norway; the Human Rights Watch Film Festival, New York City; the Amnesty International Film Festival, Netherlands; and others.
She was given a zero percent rating from the Human Rights Campaign during her entire tenure in the House of Representatives.
June Fourth Heritage & Culture Association is a United States-based non-governmental non-profit organization that conducts research and advocacy on the Culture of June Fourth Movement, Democracy, Political Freedom, and Human Rights in China.
He holds that civilized reason is sustained only by intensely animistic participation between human beings and their own written signs.
Participants, resolved to go beyond mere rhetoric, and to reaffirm their commitment to freedom of religion or belief and freedom of expression by urging States to take effective measures, as set forth in Resolution 16/18, consistent with their obligations under international human rights law, to address and combat intolerance, discrimination, and violence based on religion or belief.
Cognitive Surplus is already aging badly, with the WikiLeaks furor showing just how little web-based traffic in raw information, no matter how revelatory or embarrassing, has upended the lumbering agendas of the old nation-state on the global chessboard of realpolitik—a place where everything has a price, often measured in human lives.
The earliest signs of human settlement in the area date back to the Stone Age.
When they respond that they plan to destroy the human race he labels them as "evil" and sets the planetoid to self-destruct, killing the Takers, Twilight and Smith as well.
Important source of human food - next to the cereals.
In June 2016, he was named as interim chief human capital officer of the Baltimore City Public School System.
Rochester Institute of Technology - Dubai is licensed by the  Knowledge and Human Development Authority the regulatory authority of the Emirate of Dubai that is responsible for the growth, direction and quality of private education and learning in Dubai.
It was created in 1957 by James Arthur Gairdner to recognize and reward the achievements of medical researchers whose work contributes significantly to improving the quality of human life.
Webe Kadima and Dallas L. Rabenstein: A quantitative study of the complexation of cadmium in hemolyzed human erythrocytes by 1H NMR spectroscopy.
Commonwealths most serious accident in terms of human cost occurred on the morning of December 19, 1860, about 5am.
He was Director of the Biostatistics Laboratory at the University of Paris 7 (1974-1981), the Inserm Research Unit 263 "Biomathematics and Biostatistics" (1981-1995), the Cooperative Data Centre on the Epidemiology of Human Immunodeficiency (1988-1991), the Inserm Research Unit 444 "Epidemiology and Information Sciences" from 1995 to 2004.
 "Pilot", a song by Blue Cheer from the 1970 album The Original Human Being
Immanuel Kant considered the categories of time and space to be universals underlying all human thinking.
As a human rights activist, she had close to 150,000 followers on Instagram as of 26 January 2019.
Sierra Leone's stances on international human rights treaties are as follows:
The Chinese folk religion consists in the worship of the ethnic Chinese gods and ancestors, shen (神 "gods", "spirits", "awarenesses", "consciousnesses", "archetypes"; literally "expressions", the energies that generate things and make them thrive), which can be nature deities, city deities or tutelary deities of other human agglomerations, national deities, cultural heroes and demigods, ancestors and progenitors of kinships.
Sosa singing "Gracias a la vida", Makeba's "Pata Pata", and Farantouri's collaboration with composer Mikis Theodorakis were musical icons of the struggle for human rights.
Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles (Season 2, episode 4, 2008): Cameron's human counterpart Alison will be born in Palmdale.
Human rights in Macau refers to the basic rights of citizens of Macau, a former Portuguese colony that reverted to Chinese administration in 1999.
fMRI studies indicate that this region of the brain becomes highly active when human subjects view topographical scene stimuli such as images of landscapes, cityscapes, or rooms  (i.e.
The Human Flame tries to hide while pursued by the Kyrgyzstani Mafia for stealing a cache of money, the villains that Libra enslaved during the Final Crisis, and the Justice League members John Stewart and Firestorm.
 Leon Atkin (1902–1976), British minister, human rights activist, and politician
UN High Commission on Human Rights highlighted its pressed concerns over the state's violence in the form of extrajudicial killings, which the UN promotes and upholds as an international norm and a self-explanatory foreign policy on its members.
Its goal was to help black and white people work together for social justice; the interracial desegregation and human rights group was based in the South.
The author adopted a style emphasizing how the narrator felt inwardly and disagreement with feelings such as his family, human relationships, women, and the manner of teaching.
Specific threats to it are unknown, but it is likely suffering from environmental degradation caused by human settlement and expansion, and the associated increased populations of domestic livestock.
In psychology, the daimonic refers to a natural human impulse within everyone to affirm, assert, perpetuate, and increase the self to its complete totality.
Another was Your Body, a guide to the operation and mechanics of the human body.
Of course, before that, the annual report of Ahmed Shaheed, the UN representative for Human Rights in Iran and the letters of more than four hundred musicians and media members were handed to Ali Jannati, Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance.
Walking to the window, Conor meets the monster who called, a towering mass of branches and leaves formed in a human shape from the yew tree.
It is a 'reconnaissance' through epiphanies, deliria, tunes, songs, revelations and apparitions, of a space - not a place - where, failing every habit and everyday perspicacity, the natural hell and the numinuous nature of human being burts out."
The Bahraini government continually denied that forces under its authority committed widespread violations of human rights, that it remained within the legal boundaries with regard to arrest and judicial procedures, and that detainees received fair trials and treatment while in custody.
Machery pre-empts this objection by claiming that the nomological concept of human nature still fulfils many roles.
They led to the explication that the notions of property rights and human rights as enabled and evolving.
 Iqbal Kazmi, human rights activist and journalist
Three new ministries were also formed such as the Ministry of the Village Care, Ministry of Family and Demography and the Ministry of Human and Minority Rights and Social Dialogue.
Traditional academic programs such as education, nursing, social work, law and medicine were resistant to the new human services movement's ideology because it appeared to challenge their professional status.
It is a part of the Vermont Agency of Human Services.
It was here that he received the alias "The Human Torch", which would later transform into Charlie Heat.
The video deals various themes, including consumerism, fair trade, and sweatshops, and attempts showcase how conventional business models allow for various human rights violations.
In The New York Times, Stephen Carter noted that the character of Rhett Butler was made into a more human, flawed person than either Mitchell or Ripley portrayed him to be.
The term "missing link" has been used extensively in popular writings on human evolution to refer to a perceived gap in the hominid evolutionary record.
In the white van, Walling discovers duct tape affixed to human hair proving they were on the right track.
Dr. Herbert Ratner wrote that "It is now of unquestionable certainty that a human being comes into existence precisely at the moment when the sperm combines with the egg."
When sufficient numbers of people are again educated and trained to live by universal laws, such as those taught by Christ, it is believed that a new, advanced human society will be built.
He views these positions not as precise political theories but as ideals that he thinks best meet human needs: liberty, community, and freedom of association.
Lieutenant Colonel Dave Grossman, in his book On Killing, suggests that military training artificially creates depersonalization in soldiers, suppressing empathy and making it easier for them to kill other human beings.
Carrion, the dead body of an animal or human being
The discovery in the 1970s paleoanthropological remains of some human skeletons in one of the many caves in the area testify to the prehistoric frequenting the area.
Upon discovering his betrayal the Goon tortured him sadistically, taking advantage of his werewolf ability to endure punishment that would kill a human, finally ending his life with a silver bullet.
In 2019 Clario acquired the IP and human capital of Kromtech, including all of Mackeeper.
His philosophical approach is informed by the European traditions of romanticism and pragmatism (in particular, by the works of Johann Gottfried Herder and William James), Wilfrid Sellars’s critique of a pregiven world entirely independent from human cognition, Nagarjuna’s Buddhist thinking, and a plethora of contemplative and Indigenous traditions.
Government authorities say the checkpoints are "vital to catching immigration violations, drug smugglers and human traffickers," but some local residents are unhappy about having to answer the Border Patrol agents' questions every time they pass through.
He is a member of the committee on labour, social issues, social inclusion, and poverty reduction; a deputy member of the environmental protection committee and the committee on human and minority rights and gender equality; and a member of the parliamentary friendship groups with China, Hungary, Mexico, Moldova, Morocco, the Philippines, Portugal, Slovenia, and Turkey.
A race of Sliding Marauders dedicated to the conquest of all earths and the systematic genocide of the human race.
Unique hue is a term used in certain theories of color vision, which implies that human perception distinguishes between "unique" (psychologically primary) and composite (mixed) hues.
"The problem of agency is the problem of finding a way to account for human experience which recognises simultaneously and in equal measure that history and society are made by constant and more or less purposeful individual action and that individual action, however purposeful, is made by history and society".
Awa Bola  (the underworld),  a place of dark and ferocious, this concept was exemplified by the shed and where the livestock are stored beneath the human dwelling.
In conjunction with the New York City Human Rights Watch International Film Festival, LinkTV broadcast a "Youth Producing Change" program which showcases the works of youth from all over the world.
Though Hendrickson offer his body for Ludociel, he heals the human instead and continues fighting in his partially restored physical form against the Original Demon before reuniting with Mael as sacrifices himself and Deadly Sins fight the Demon King's attack and fades away soon after the battle ends.
The title is an allusion to Gray's Anatomy, a classic human anatomy textbook first published in 1858 in London and written by Henry Gray.
Human renin is secreted by at least 2 cellular pathways: a constitutive pathway for the secretion of the precursor prorenin and a regulated pathway for the secretion of mature renin.
In Earth X, Franklin Richards curses Namor for killing the Human Torch.
However, due to the possible contaminants, raw water must be treated before it is allowed for human consumption or industrial use.
The natural farming method of Masanobu Fukuoka uses no fertilizers or chemicals and very little water, allowing crops and weeds to grow freely, requiring a minimum of human intervention.
Fusarium solani is implicated in plant disease as well as human disease notably infection of the cornea of the eye.
Dettmeijer-Vermeulen, Dutch national spokeswoman on human traffic and sexual violence against children, in the Netherlands, 3% of the convicted perpetrators are women, 14.58% of the victims are boys and "most victims were abused by a family member, friend or acquaintance."
Chasey held the John F. Kennedy Professorship at the Peabody College of Education and Human Development of Vanderbilt University, (Named Academic Professorship funded by the Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. Foundation, Washington, D.C.) Chasey was a research scientist in the Convulsive Disorders Clinic of the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine.
What Are Human Rights?, London : Bodley Head, 1973.
These principles have allowed MSF to speak freely with respect to acts of war, corruption, or other hindrances to medical care or human well-being.
Many women's rights organizations have endorsed this bill, including the Alliance for Period Supplies, Plan, Girls Inc., Human Rights Watch, and I Support the Girls in addition to their various campaigns that fight for destigmatization, free menstrual products, and more.
In relation to Utkin, he was accused of being "responsible for serious human rights abuses committed by the group, which include torture and extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions and killings."
Asian democracies focus on defense and maintenance of established rules, reviewing and monitoring government actions and policing human rights violations, police corruption, and corporate management.
Since its revision and the complementary Jeddah Amendment to the DCoC of 2017, it now also includes other illicit maritime activities than piracy like human trafficking or illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing (IUU).
In that same year, Kaayk made headlines with a number of social media videos posted on the weblog of his alter ego, Jarno Smeets, who claimed to be the first human able to ‘fly like a bird’.
Jarangga is the co-ordinator of the Papuan Women’s Human Rights Network (PWHRN) in Papua.
The importance of human graphical perception, what we discern easily versus what our brains have more difficulty decoding, is fundamental to good statistical graphics design, where clarity, transparency, accuracy and precision in data display and interpretation are essential for understanding the translation of data in a graph to clarify and interpret the science.
Most international and local human rights observers agreed the commission made little progress in achieving its mandate and widely criticized Ouattara for not publishing the final report.
Its natural forest habitat is threatened by logging and is being converted into agricultural land, the birds are hunted and their eggs collected for human consumption, and they and their young are preyed on by feral cats and dogs.
More recently, in December 2018, under its current name, JUST, the Committee submitted their unanimous report to the House of Commons entitled Moving Forward in the Fight Against Human Trafficking in Canada.
According to an article appearing in the Naugatuck Daily News, "Physicians of three continents have puzzled over the gastronomical mechanism of this human ostrich without success.
Merriam noted Wells's ‘good intentions’ for drafting a set of human rights in the book, but did ‘deplore his somewhat feeble execution’.
She was called to the Bar at Gray's Inn and practised as a barrister specialising in human rights law from 1985 to 2005 under Michael Mansfield at Tooks Chambers.
The main result of the World Summit was the joint signing of a World Declaration on the Survival, Protection and Development of Children and a Plan of Action comprising a detailed set of child-related human development goals for the year 2000.
In 2016, he published work on the skin microbiome of decomposing human cadavers.
In 2017 she initiated from Delphi Greece the creation of the World Human Forum, a bottom up global citizens initiative.
Another important part of the theory of living human systems is that groups function more effectively when there is the capacity to shift perspective from the perspective of the individual to the perspective of the whole group.
Astray in the human world, he is surprised and puzzled as everything he hears and sees is so strange and wonderful, and he is involved in odd affairs one after another.
Bambata Cave, Zimbabwe- Animal paintings and human drawings are supposed to be age from 2.000 to 20.000 years old
Human paleofeces collected from Salts Cave in Kentucky and Big Bone Cave in Tennessee were found to contain both seeds from weed and crop forms of the plant seemingly consumed within hours of each other, suggesting close spatial proximity and a potential for hybridization between populations.
The Fairies and Their Playground – the fairies gather together for a meeting to remember a golden age of Switzerland before the encroachment of human technology and the tourism trade.
The Blind Giant (2012), Harkaway's first work of non-fiction, dealt with the effect of digital change on society and what it means to be human.
Non-angakkuq could experience hallucinations, and almost every Alaskan Native can report memories of ghosts, animals in human form, or little people living in remote places.
Cahn has also held positions at the University of Miami School of Law, Florida International University, the London School of Economics, and a Visiting Fellow at the Center for the Study of Human Rights at Columbia University.
He also lobbied Margaret Heckler, Secretary of Health and Human Services in the Reagan administration over both practical issues and stigmatising medical practices affecting people with AIDS.
An exercise that has reduced stress and increased productivity among human beings.
The grey treepie is largely arboreal and is found in a wide range of habitats including forest, cultivation and human habitation.
The term "rostral" is rarely used in human anatomy, apart from embryology, and refers more to the front of the face than the superior aspect of the organism.
She continues to participate in First Nations governance and engage in environmental and human rights activism.
However, by the mid-20th century, at least some critics read Benito Cereno as a tale that primarily explores human depravity and does not reflect upon race at all.
In the end, they assumed human lives, Ultraman masking himself as Hayata.
Mesa has advocated for judicial reform within the country and blamed the MAS for perverting justice to the point that it has "become a danger to human rights".
The earliest evidence of human occupation in the Pohang area is from the Mumun Pottery Period (1500–300 BC).
The paper does not present modeled paths for rise balls using significantly higher assumptions for lift coefficient, thus it is still an open question if a human pitcher can exert enough spin, to create a high enough Magnus Effect to create a true rise.
His group's more recent studies examining the entire compendium of human genes have shown that the TP53 gene is more frequently mutated in cancers than any other gene .
The skein itself could be made out of human or animal hair, but it was most commonly made out of animal sinew, which Heron cites specifically.
For services to human rights law.
crowdsourcing, improving its accuracy, and even developing algorithms that mimic human evaluations.
Sociosexuality from Argentina to Zimbabwe: A 48-nation study of sex, culture, and strategies of human mating.
Human Rights Award at the 2013 River Run Film Festival.
In 1991 Brown joined the faculty of Colby College as assistant professor of education and human development.
If a human being touches it, whatever frightens him/her will be frustrated.
Haplogroup K2b2, in human genetics, may refer to:
Authors must first submit an abstract to one of the six sub-committees: education, emerging concepts and innovative technologies, human systems engineering, simulation, training, or the policy, standards, management, and acquisition subcommittee.
Classification panels are to provide notice to the manufacturers and importers of medical devices intended for human use.
The album's single, "Constance" is a tragic exposé on human trafficking and child pornography.
The foundation stone of the NIT Mizoram Lengpui Campus was laid by Kapil Sibal, Minister of Human Resource Development on 13 October 2012.
A review of the site by archaeologist Tom Dillehay in 1994 suggested that the charcoal remains may have been from natural fires and were not necessarily indicative of human occupation.
On May 4, Gray set an unofficial record for highest altitude reached by a human being, as he attained  in a balloon over Belleville.
Weiquan lawyers typically frame their arguments by making appeals to China's constitution, arguing that abuses of human rights—sanctioned as they may be by the state—are in contravention of the country's laws.
Field operatives, like Viola, began organizing tribal Head Start Programs, programs to deal with high Indian drop-out rates, native economic development programs and tribal human services.
The fundamental truth as taught by all religions is that man has to transform his base human nature into the divine that is within him.
These books began a revolution in social awareness of, and public attention given to, human sexuality.
Seemingly with erased memories, Zero began to remember his most precious memories when was human, and when finally recalled and understood his existence, led other awakened cyborgs in a failed revolt against the engineering headquarters.
The way it railroaded Khan into prison in order to kill him off was sort of terrifying, and the way it popped up those bollards to stop Reese on the road proved that it could be physically dangerous without human help.
are evolutionary linked to opportunistic human pathogen Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, that was previously called Xanthomonas maltophilia.
 Shaiva Devotional Songs of Kashmir: A Translation and Study of Utpaladevas Shivastotravali (Suny Series in Human Communication Processes) Constantina R. Bailly
In the 2008 game Fallout 3, centaurs are radiated human enemies who have sprouted 6 arms and a tongue that attacks the player with great force.
Miserable and convinced she belongs nowhere, Kaye decides to tell her mother the truth that she is a changeling, long ago left in place of a human daughter.
He applied the idea to the origin of different skin colours in human races, and from the context it seems he thought it might be applied more widely.
Ferroptosis activation plays a regulatory role on growth of tumor cells in the human body.
Wheelock College, a former member, merged with Boston University to become the Boston University Wheelock College of Education & Human Development.
Pandava came to Ekchakra during their wandering and they were entertained by a Brahmin whose turn it was to supply a human for the demon.
As a result, PI assisted the Belgian Parliament and Senate in designing and adopting in July 2003, a global reach resolution which asked the Belgian Government to "request its diplomatic missions to observe carefully and systematically the situation of human rights defenders in the countries where they're working."".
It is also an important concept in Indian music, where it means the smallest interval of pitch that the human ear can detect and a singer or musical instrument can produce and do nyaas(stay) on it.
In his approach, the state needs to secure some basic human rights and some economic basements from the deprivation.
AMW HUMAN DECOR is the brand name surrounding his leather works which include bracelets, bags and wallets with unique designs which often incorporate bison leather, early 20th century World War I and World War II rifle sling leather and antique hardware including vintage camera and clock parts.
The largest and one of the fastest growing human impacts on the carbon cycle and biosphere is the extraction and burning of fossil fuels, which directly transfer carbon from the geosphere into the atmosphere.
Namibian quaternary and prehistory, prehistoric rock art, geochemistry analysis of rock paintings, geoinformatics, heritage conservation, provenance research, human remains and heritage objects projects management, cultural heritage policy developments, museum exhibitions and museum and cultural heritage education.
The forest preserve is the host site of the Museum of the Grand Prairie, a living history facility that specializes in the human ecology of the former tallgrass prairie townships of eastern Illinois.
It also runs individually designed training programmes designed to be delivered to all manner of professionals and authorities who may come into contact with victims or perpetrators of human trafficking.
Madrigal-Borloz started his career at the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in San José, Costa Rica.
The role of sexual selection in human evolution has been considered controversial from the moment of publication of Darwin's book on sexual selection (1871).
Indeed, that gift is so awe-inspiring that it cannot be fully described in human terms.
On June 27, 2017, the U.S. State Department released its annual report on human trade.
In 1998, the LGBTQ advocacy group Human Rights Campaign endorsed D'Amato for re-election over socially liberal Democratic Congressman Chuck Schumer.
Archeological findings have documented human activity on the island from the earliest times.
On April 29, some of the cast and crew attended a special one-day class by Professors Kwon Il-yong (South Korea's first profiler), Park Mi-rang (a criminologist) and Seo Min-soo (from the Police Human Resources Development Institute), which was broadcast live on Netflix Korea's YouTube and V Live channels.
He is Professor in the Departments of Biomathematics and of Human Genetics in the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA and in the Department of Biostatistics in the UCLA Fielding School of Public Health at the University of California, Los Angeles.
The album's first song and music video, "Milyonlarca Kuştuk...", is based on the legend of Simurgh and discusses the falling of human soul into the worldly traps and losing its way.
When driving a car, there is a kind of fusion of technical device and human being (who often controls the former himself), and the same can be seen with mobile phoness, which are "almost perceived as a part of the body".
This is largely because the test measures behavioral response to a short-term stressor, whereas human depression is a long-term condition.
The Romans justified their actions by also accusing the Celts of practicing human sacrifice.
Their bite is not dangerous; however, they have not been heard of biting a human.
Phillips's poems engage such topics as the role of the imagination in human experience, the power of the sublime, the ubiquity of beauty, the history of literature, the necessity of translation, U.S. history, racism, colonialism, police violence, capitalism, and the Black Lives Matter movement.
Given these factors, highly effective deep learning agents are likely only a desired choice in games that have a large competitive scene, where they can function as an alternative practice option to a skilled human player.
Aluvaiá (also Bombo Njila, Pambu Njila, Nzila, Mujilo, Mavambo, Vangira, Njila, Maviletango) is an intermediary between human beings and other Nkisi; he is additionally the protector of the houses.
Human fatalities, often children, have been confirmed by clinical reports.
Amorroma uses this theme for her music to show all different feelings with form part of human being.
 Psychology: An Introductory Study of the Structure and Function of Human Consciousness
To preserve the truth of the war crime and provide peace and human rights education, the Korean Council raised funds for a museum exhibiting and recording the council's movement.
The current (2016) constitution, drafted by a body appointed by the military junta (NCPO), states in section 4: "The human dignity, rights, liberty and equality of the people shall be protected".
Focus: Remote sensing of airless bodies, field operations and metrics for human exploration, reactivity and toxicity of regoliths, synchrotron analyses of samples, volcanics and impact crater analog research
These papers are a stage along the way to producing a statement on human sexuality, as the Church re-examines, explains and applies its teaching pastorally.
She won the New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards — Ethnic Affairs Commission Award in 1996, and her book, The Jihad Seminar, was short-listed for the 2008 Human Rights Awards — Literature Non-Fiction Award.
It was there that he began his studies in human genetics with inheritance of premature baldness.
An extended childhood is needed in which to learn the complexities of human social communities.
If this is true then the behaviour of chimpanzees witnessed by Goodall may be interpreted as similar to pre-Upper Palaeolithic Human religion.
Morality encompasses the values and rules that govern human conduct ...
The film incorporates computer-generated imagery to create seven real-seeming fictional amusement park rides used in a faux documentary film about the construction of physics-defying rides intended for use in research efforts to improve human cognitive function.
From 2001 to 2004 he served as Municipal Secretary of Habitation and Human Development in the municipality of São Paulo; from 2003 to 2004 he was Chief Executive Officer of the Metropolitan Housing Company of São Paulo (COHAB); and from 2004 to 2007 he was a city councilman in São Paulo.
Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International first reported on slavery in Sudan in 1995 in the context of the Second Sudanese Civil War.
His films tend to focus on the relationship between human beings and the land, as well as the rural attitude towards family, life and death in a fast changing China, and are set mostly in his Gaotai hometown with close friends and relatives acting in his films.
 Amnesty International, 2012: THE STATE OF THE WORLD'S HUMAN RIGHTS
 RSM recognized on Human Rights Campaign’s 2021 Corporate Equality Index
It has been described as "an appeal to human compassion".
Raverta was vice president of the Culture Commission (2012–2013) and president of the Human Rights Commission of the Honorable Chamber of Deputies of the province of Buenos Aires.
They ask Hunt to join PAX permanently, but only if he can agree to never take human lives again.
He is a calm and collected member who is occasionally seen carrying and reading a copy of Osamu Dazai's novel No Longer Human.
In one famous incident, which became known as the Great Hippocampus Question, Huxley showed that Owen was mistaken in claiming that the brains of gorillas lacked a structure present in human brains.
The gene encoding SNED1 is located in the human chromosome 2 at locus q37.3.
She is known for her research on the genetics of common human diseases.
After a year's research into Crowley's human life—including summoning the ghost of Crowley's mortal son for intel—Bobby locates Crowley's physical remains.
Studies In Culture, Linguistics & Speechology: Essays On Culture, Language, Literature, Linguistics, Speechology, And Several Aspects Of Human Thinking
Robert Geoffrey Edwards, Professor of Human Reproduction, University of Cambridge.
2007  A placenta-specific gene ectopically activated in many human cancers is essentially involved in malignant cell processes.
Alistair Frith MP (Toby Whithouse), Being Human
 Riduan Rahmat, Head of Human Resource & Management Service
The Herto Man was, thus, a major fossil find, as, at the time, there was a significant gap in the human fossil record between 300 and 100 thousand years ago, obfuscating the evolution of "Homo (sapiens?)
This would be the equivalent of a 1.8 m (6 ft) human making a jump 64.8 m (213 ft) long.
Notable cases of human echolocation
With a vision that is at once personal and public, he contends with nihilism and extracts hope from even the most barbaric aspects of human nature.
Since 2017 she has been a Human Rights Advisor to Dementia Alliance International
In Uganda's 10th Parliament, she is a member of the Committees on Human rights as well as Gender, Labour and Social Development.
At the extreme, rubbernecking is the physical act of craning one's neck, performed in order to get a better view, and has been described as a human trait that is associated with morbid curiosity.
 María Julia Hernández (1939–2007), Salvadoran human rights advocate
Eli Newell as Eli, Scrooge's human ex.
Géraud commented that "the Declaration of Animal Rights in the twentieth century shall be the counterpart of the Declaration of Human Rights in the eighteenth century".
: A TV assistant director at NPTV who assumes the human identity of  while working on Earth.
A. fusispora infection in human is rare and has few documented clinical cases, but due to the rarity of the fungus and potential misidentification, the infections may be underdiagnosed.
Myiasis caused by C. anthropophaga is the most common cause of myiasis in Africa, but can be seen worldwide because of air travel, as human movements carry infestation outside endemic areas.
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has a program called Maternal and Child Health Bureau that coordinates medical care, support, and advice for pregnant women as well as information about health insurance.
He is the son of physician and medical ethicist Douglas Kinsella, founder of the National Council on Ethics in Human Research (NCEHR).
The pups begin hearing a strange wolf howl, but when they track it they find a fresh kill and the familiar human scent.
| "Can You Eat Human Flesh with Wooden Teeth?"
According to the District Human Development Report, Bardhaman, "The legendary prosperity of Bardhaman in history has to be taken as that of the ruling class – the rich, the royals and their assistants."
In the 1995-1996 "Age of Apocalypse" storyline, Moira is married to Bolivar Trask and head of the London-based Human High Council.
John Modell, Professor of Education and Human Development and Professor of Sociology, Brown University: 1978.
Every proposed option is accepted if the referees decide it is relevant and conforms with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Eat with Captain & the Human Error Project
In 2015, Human Rights Watch called for the investigation of Ashcroft "for conspiracy to torture as well as other crimes."
For the first five years of his life, Loulis's human handlers only used seven signs around him (the signs used were who, which, want, where, name, that, and sign).
Actually, LPE was detected in human serum, and its level is reported to be about several hundred ng mL−1.
Huntington's disease has been found to increase the epigenetic aging rates of several human brain regions.
Support for this hypothesis came from genetic and functional studies, including the discovery of common activating PIK3CA missense mutations in common human tumors.
At the start of each round, players can either choose to join the human team or volunteer to be the first zombie.
Lithuania's citizenship law and the Constitution meet international and OSCE standards, guaranteeing universal human and civil rights.
And in 1935, two years before his death, he writes in his diary on the way out to East Turkestan: "If God the Father suddenly spoke to me in a human voice and said, 'You have 30 years to live on earth, provided you stay in Europe.
She was awarded the Martin Ennals Award for Human Rights Defenders in 2011.
 LPHN2, a human gene that encodes the Latrophilin-2 protein
There are several departments in the foundation that are run by assistant-abbots, who report to the abbot and deputy-abbot: a human resource center, as well as a support center that helps with facilitating ceremonies, and departments for maintenance, fundraising, education and proselytization.
The earliest traces of human settlement in Estonia are connected with Kunda culture.
Witness Lee's view of God's organic salvation is related to his understanding of Christology, specifically, the relationship between the divine and human natures in Christ.
Nelkin served on governmental and other advisory boards such as the National Center for Science Education, the United States Human Genome Project, and the Society for Social Studies of Science.
On Billy's return to New Zealand in May 1968, Billy TK auditioned for The Human Instinct, with Maurice Greer on vocals and bass player Frank Hay.
Though most Bidyogo hut dwellings show no remarkable artistry, so have their walls painted in bright colors with traditional symbols and patterns; occasionally doors are also painted with human or animal figures.
His songs mainly featured pain, love, human life, and existence.
Besides having peak human condition, some of Skylar's 24 superpowers include X-ray vision, explosive induction, time rewind, gyrokinesis, manipulation of celestial bodies, flight, super strength, intangibility, camouflage, invisibility, space survivability, and super speed.
The General Provisions states the purposes of the act: "to promote substantive gender equality, eliminate gender discrimination, uphold human dignity, and improve and establish education resources and environment of gender equality."
A rainbow-coloured infinity symbol is also used by the neurodiversity movement, as a way to symbolize the infinite variation of the people in the movement and of human cognition.
Around 23 July 2021, human remains were found near the path below the Port de la Glère, a mountain pass a few kilometers to the west of where Dingley was last seen.
Cloning of human proteins made possible the screening of large libraries of compounds against specific targets thought to be linked to specific diseases.
In November 2012, it was reported that Gonzales is teaching at the Physical Education and Sports Science subjects at the UP College of Human Kinetics simultaneously while playing competitively and coaching in football.
These confirmed a Pleistocene age linking  the fossil jaw to around 1.78 million to 1.96 million years ago and so the same time as the human fossils that appeared in Africa's Olduvai Gorge.
Antiviral targets against human coronaviruses have also been identified such as viral proteases, polymerases, and entry proteins.
The post-genocide government is also responsible for grave violations of human rights.
The book opens with the opposed pairs righteousness/unrighteousness and death/immortality: those who do not follow righteousness will fall into "senseless reasoning" and will not be open to wisdom; wisdom is not an inherent human quality nor one that can be taught, but comes from outside, and only to those who are prepared through righteousness.
Human clinical experience with adipose precursor cells seeded on hyaluronic acid-based spongy scaffolds.
Ndlovu has openly criticised the regime in Zimbabwe for forced evictions and other human rights abuses.
ACT NOW campaigned for a ceasefire against Tamil internment and later led an international boycott campaign until in Sri Lanka to end human rights abuses against Tamil people.
The bill would require the United States Department of Health and Human Services to submit weekly reports to Congress about the how many people are using HealthCare.gov and signing up for health insurance.
Nana obtained his LLM (Master) in International Human Rights Law from the University of the Western Cape was studying towards an LLD at the time of his death.
Adecatumumab (MT201) is a recombinant human IgG1 monoclonal antibody which is used to target tumor cells.
The Muse in the Machine: Computerizing the Poetry of Human Thought.
 Saint Peter Claver SJ, Jesuit priest, pastor and missionary to the slaves brought to Cartagena ("Slave of the slaves forever"), human rights advocate.
Megatron berates Starscream again after failing to capture the human.
There are three novels which deal with the characters of the British Being Human series.
After the war, however, Sephiroth was sent on a mission to the village of Nibelheim, where he discovered that he was the product of a biological experiment that combined a human fetus with tissue from the extraterrestrial lifeform Jenova.
Brous was ordained by the Jewish Theological Seminary in 2001 and received a master's degree in human rights from Columbia University, where she also received her bachelor's degree in 1995.
With C-13 NMR the metabolism in the human and animal brain could be traced in a non-invasive manner.
Armando Palabay - Human rights activist and martyr honored at the Bantayog ng mga Bayani
The Equality and Human Rights Commission and Prime Minister Theresa May criticised these remarks, which led to Johnson facing an investigation by the party to determine whether his remarks breached the Tory code of conduct on Islamophobia.
According to Amnesty International, "The scale and severity of violence faced by Indigenous women and girls in Canada — First Nations, Inuit and Métis — constitutes  a  national  human rights crisis."
The plastiglomerate at Kamilo Beach was more likely created from human campfires than from molten lava flows.
Originally disregarded, Fuhlrott, to his eternal credit, had the insight to recognize them for what they were: the remains of a previously unknown type of human.
Eventually at the end, everyone knew that even though Harichandra lies and cheats people, he is still a good human being.
Israeli human rights group B'Tselem said that al-Najjar was shot intentionally.
Thenceforth, in affirming to myself, without chicanery or diminution, the authentic value of the reality of our human instruments of knowledge, I was already a Thomist without knowing it ...
He must feel disgust or detachment from the ways of the world, state the text, and feel the human longing for a way for total and permanent happiness.
Since 2012, Robison has served as a member of the Interagency Autism Coordinating Committee (IACC) of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
According to Human Rights Watch, which cites interviews with defectors, North Korean women are routinely subjected to sexual violence, unwanted sexual contact, and rape.
International cryptography policy and human rights 
The human cast of The Awful Truth was also forced to take several unscheduled days of vacation in late July 1937 because Skippy was booked on another film.
In November 2009, the government launched an anti-trafficking public awareness campaign that included advertisements in print media, on the radio, and on television, including television appearances by senior government officials to discuss human trafficking.
He was a member of the council of the Norwegian branch of the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights from 1983 to 1990, a member of the Arts Council Norway from 1989 to 1992, and a deputy member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee from 1991 to 1999.
His son, Avetik Ishkhanyan, a human rights activist, also highly praised Aram Manukian as the "greatest and most powerful politician of modern Armenian history."
Nguyễn Đặng Minh Mẫn (born January 10, 1985) is a human rights activist.
Shill had acting roles in the films The Last Temptation of Christ, The Missing Reel, Kinsey and Being Human.
He was attacked frequently for his disagreement with Galen's opinions on human anatomy.
The social history is a chronicle of human interactions.
The cemetery's grounds are full of trees, shrubbery and wildflowers, most of which have been planted and grown without human influence.
This new field of science was officially introduced with a "Birth Statement" at the World Congress "Challenges of a Changing Earth 2001" in Amsterdam organized by the International Council for Science (ICSU), the International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme (IGBP), the International Human Dimensions Programme on Global Environmental Change and the World Climate Research Programme (WCRP).
To survive, he believes in the need "to focus on the more human skills that machines can't replace."
Controlling Human Heredity, 1865 to the Present.
As sequencing of the worm genome proceeded, the Human Genome Project began.
When human influences are removed from the model experiments, results suggest that the surface of the Earth would actually have cooled slightly over the last 50 years.
The poems considered authentic cover a wide range of human emotions and life experiences, some autobiographical, and places them in a spiritual context.
However, in opposition to her Puritan ways, she also shows her human side, expressing the pain this event had caused her, that is, until the poem comes to its end: 
A loner is a person who does not actively seek, avoids, or is isolated from human interaction.
It represented the future, and was heralded by Neil MacGregor, Director of the British Museum, as "a brilliant example of human beings striving to find new things."
During her brief stint as a human, Meme was a much more outwardly cheerful child, but appeared to be rather scatterbrained; she managed to put the wrong shoes on her foot without noticing anything was wrong.
SEELE attacks NERV, using their Mass Production Evangelion units, all in an attempt to complete the Human Instrumentality Project and initiate the Third Impact.
Throughout much of the 20th century, anthropologists debated the role of H. erectus in human evolution.
Human Rights Group honors Rev.
Unlike most divas, there is a human quality to her voice, as she's singing to the song, not singing to her voice."
A study on the foundations of human culture, 
This habitat around the North Carolina-Virginia border has been impacted by human activity such as conversion to pastures, agricultural fields, and residential property.
Within these broad areas, aspects of particular interest include the Common Foreign and Security Policy of the EU; EU-Asia relations; political thought and theory; security studies; intelligence studies; sexual politics; human rights.
The Groosalugg tells Cordelia that his human qualities make him unappealing to his people, so he battled with demons to end his existence, but after defeating them earned the name for bravery and strength.
Mare Liberum is a Berlin-based human rights organisation founded in 2018.
Some particularly intriguing fragments describe Prus's combinatorial calculations of the millions of potential "individual types" of human characters, given a stated number of "individual traits."
 East Clintwood / Human Shit with Deranged Insane (Mortville Records, 2004)
This story prominently features the technique of defamiliarization by adopting the perspective of a horse to expose some of the irrationalities of human conventions.
Criminal Proceedings, Police Powers and the Human Rights Act 1998 (OUP, 2000) contributing author
The resolution, passed under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, urged the Secretary-General to set up an international commission to investigate human rights violations committed in Darfur.
In human digestion, pectin binds to cholesterol in the gastrointestinal tract and slows glucose absorption by trapping carbohydrates.
Parcats, like parrots, are capable of imitating human speech.
"Several sources told Human Rights Watch that after his arrest in 1999, Mohammadi was severely tortured and ill-treated, leading to serious health problems."
It was launched in July 2007 by the Center for Constitutional Rights, Human Rights Watch and MoveOn.
Another aspect of this programme was the development of a life-size human body which was used for demonstrations and better understanding of people on the various aspects of health.
Rotenberg also referenced autistic savant Stephen Wiltshire ("the human camera"), and Ken Peek, the inspiration for the film Rain Man.
Stephen Prince comments that the horror is "born of the torment of the young woman subjected to imprisonment and abuse amid decaying arms... and mobiles made of human bones and teeth."
 Mercuri AM (2008) Human influence, plant landscape evolution and climate inferences from the archaeobotanical records of the Wadi Teshuinat area (Libyan Sahara).
A recent key advance was discovered using AAV-homologous recombination vectors, which increases the low natural rates of HR in differentiated human cells when combined with gene-targeting vectors-sequences.
The Panel "is composed of 12 members drawn from across [Canada] to represent a wide spectrum of expertise and experience in the ethics of human research."
Since 2018 he has been the chairman of the International Atomic Energy Agency doubly-labelled water database management committee, which manages a database of over 7500 measurements of human subjects made using the DLW method.
 one point two Human Capital, Innovation, and Growth; and
He argued that the prevalent idea of human control over nature, instead of being a great achievement, might only be a reflection of exploitation of natural resources that were actually finite.
 Haplogroup CZ (mtDNA), in human mitochondrial genetics
Later in 2006 she joined NYU's Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development as an associate professor.
Welzel distinguishes between three different stages of the human condition in societies.
1138/2002) was a case decided by the UN Human Rights Committee in 2004.
Towards the end of his time with Mac, he rescues a human who threw himself off the Demon Range, a man who later appears in Life 10.
Peter N. Turnley (born June 22, 1955) is an American and French photographer known for documenting the human condition and current events.
The best known are Kitāb al-Ḥayawān (The book of living), a seven-part compendium on an array of subjects with animals as their point of departure; Kitāb al-Bayān wa-l-tabyīn (The book of eloquence and exposition), a wide-ranging  work on human communication; and Kitāb al-Bukhalāʾ (The book of misers), a collection of anecdotes on stinginess.
Biowars is a digital comic series and set of app games created by Gabriel Shaoolian and published by Gabriel Creations, Inc. A mixture of science and science fiction, Shaoolian developed the idea for Biowars after studying endocrinology at New York University, where he became interested in the human body and its immune system.
 Human Rights Watch (2012), "Spiraling Violence: Boko Haram Attacks and Security Force Abuses in Nigeria", 11 October 2012
Despite unrest, with its fast growing population and industrialization, Imo State has the joint-sixth highest Human Development Index in the country.
In June 2012, UN Deputy High Commissioner for Human Rights Kyung-wha Kang said that the MHRC had “done exemplary work, including through very difficult times in the past year.
In A Treatise of Human Nature Hume pointed out there is no obvious way for a series of statements about what ought to be the case to be derived from a series of statements of what is the case.
Health Canada’s research confirms that poor air quality is hazardous to human health and as the population ages more Canadians are at risk.
Despite its simple, almost folksy, language, "Mending Wall" is a complex poem with several themes, beginning with human fellowship, which Frost first dealt with in his poem "A Tuft of Flowers" in his first collection of poems, A Boy's Will.
The palmar grasp reflex is thought to be a vestigial behavior in human infants.
While figures in his works typically were portrayed in repose or suggested slow movement, some pieces like The Jitterbuggers (1939) and The Lifters (1946) center human dynamism and form.
He did research in human genetics in India.
People experienced the time of the greatest war in human history.
Lambrew currently serves as Commissioner of the Maine Department of Health and Human Services.
By examining the structure of the human Gs alpha gene, Kaziro and his team suggested that four types of Gs alpha mRNA strands may be produced from the single gene, resulting from various splicing patterns of the gene’s introns and exons.
Tahsin Bekir Balta (1902–1970) was a Turkish politician and member of the European Commission of Human Rights from 1963 to 1969.
The antihero is a provincial schoolteacher, Peredonov, notable for his complete lack of redeeming human qualities.
Having compliance and damping in the robot structure is by no means sufficient to ensure its safety, as it might indeed be even couterproductive for the elastic energy potentially stored: just like a human arm, a soft robot arm will need intelligent control to make it behave softly as when caressing a baby, or strongly as when punching”.
The Doctor, Missy, and Nardole learn from Jorj that, two days previously, some of the human bridge crew had gone down to the lower level of the ship to start the engine reversal, but they never returned.
Using PCM, 6095 ARDs from 20 families in the human gut microbiota.
Lengel describes his work as, “a storyteller, seeking to unfold history’s human core by walking through ancient lands, sites and battlefields in my own hiking boots.” Consequently, Lengel conducts and participates in hiking tours, including leading independent tours, and providing annual conference tours with America's History, LLC.
A bioinformatics analysis in 2017 revealed that extremely large human genes are significantly over-expressed in brain and take part in the postsynaptic architecture.
With his recent work the artist continues his exploration of signs, human relationships and codes, to create a chromatic alphabet.
Whate’er betide, one human soul 
Dynamical Systems Theory and Attractor States: The human vocal system is extremely complex, involving interactions between breath flow, moving structures, resonators and so on.
Farzana Bari (Urdu: فرزانہ باری, Born: March 7, 1957 - )is a Pakistani feminist, human rights activist and academic who served as the director of the Gender Studies Department at Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad Pakistan.
In a 2002 lecture in Sandpoint, Idaho, Hoffman analyzed the 9/11 terror attack in terms of human alchemy and psychological warfare.
Through Christ's human incarnation the old era of the Law is transformed into a new era of Grace".
The 12th-century Persian scholar and philosopher Al-Ghazali discusses the application of this paradox to human decision making, asking whether it is possible to make a choice between equally good courses without grounds for preference.
there exists a  such that both firms prefer using the sherd algorithmic ranking even though the social welfare is higher when both use the human evaluators.
understand the dynamics and influence that human, social and ecological systems have on alternative futures.
After series creator Chris Carter suggested that Arkin replace the human with an actual monster, he quickly re-wrote his story to include elements of the Tulpa myth.
Morning Star planned to use Moon Knight as a human sacrifice, and afterwards to have his followers drink the blood of the Werewolf by Night to give them "the power of the Beast".
The United States has a responsibility to protect human rights and defend against these threats," Cardin, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations East Asian and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee said.
Annette Cone-Skelton employs a minimal approach to the elements of color and shape to explore relationships of space to human dimension.
Plato, for example, understands the human body in the Republic and Timaeus as an image of the state.
The results were similar to those of the human infants, although each animal behaved a little differently according to the characteristics of its species.
In response to infection, the human immune system generates minute quantities of hypochlorite within special white blood cells, called neutrophil granulocytes.
There were no new investigations or prosecutions of government employees complicit in human trafficking offences.
Journal of Human Resources 34(2):235-252.
Since their inception, various applications have appeared, from image processing to analyzing neurons in the human visual system.
Third-level generators, however, are capable of reverting to human form.
Kicking and punching as an act of human aggression have probably existed throughout the world since prehistory.
She can see "feeders" - small shadowy creatures that feed on human emotion, influence thoughts, and ultimately attempt to "devour" people, causing their real world demise.
People living during the medieval period believed that monsters lived in the outer limits of the world, far away from the human race.
The American Civil Liberties Union, the Human Rights Campaign, the NAACP and Planned Parenthood Federation of America were among those who criticized him for it.
Steven Sugar made the boardwalk the focus of Steven Universes human world.
At the close, Data is trying to examine human perception of time.
Gerberding's early studies were in psychology but he became dissatisfied with the subject and switched to history which he felt offered a greater insight into human nature.
Šabatová was awarded the United Nations Prize in the Field of Human Rights in 1998.
P. oryzihabitans can also be a human pathogen, although infections are rare.
The best examples were made from natural human hair.
On 10 April 2007 the Grand Chamber of the ECHR ruled against Evans' appeal under three articles of the European Convention of Human Rights, which represented her last chance to save the embryos.
Inspired by the Global Magnitsky Act in the US, the mechanism permits the EU to maintain a list of human rights violators around the globe, imposing on them various sanctions, such as visa bans or asset freezes, on behalf of the entire bloc.
In his multi-video formats, Kazma creates archives of the human condition through his fascination with man and the nature of life and death.
19 people worked in human health and social work.
Their ability to perform experiments and exploration without putting human lives in danger makes them an important asset.
In May 2019, he voted for the Human Life Protection Act, which makes abortion a crime in the state at any stage in a pregnancy, with no exemptions for rape or incest.
The music of The Human Expression has been compiled by Collectables Records/Cicadelic Records on a retrospective album called Love at Psychedelic Velocity that was released in 1994.
It is known that the human microbiome (such as the gut microbiota) is highly variable both within a single subject and among different individuals, a phenomenon which is also observed in mice.
The Documentation Center contains national and foreign material concerning the Church and human rights.
The village has one church, St. Andrew's, where William Harvey, who discovered the circulation of blood in the human body, and Sir Eliab Harvey, Captain of the Temeraire at the battle of Trafalgar, are interred.
As the human visual system uses both size and perspective cues to judge the relative sizes of objects, seeing a perspective change without a size change is a highly unsettling effect, often with strong emotional impact.
It is named for the first human to launch into space, Yuri Gagarin, who flew the Vostok 1 spaceship on April 12, 1961.
Their research expands knowledge of the Earth-Sun system and helps to enable robotic and human exploration.
Accordingly, Chomsky argues that language is a unique evolutionary development of the human species and distinguished from modes of communication used by any other animal species.
In May 2005 Alvarez Paz created a new party called "Alianza Popular" (Popular Alliance), organization that, as it states in its by-laws, defends and promotes freedom, democracy State of Law and human rights, as well as the promotion and protection of private property, the contribution to poverty eradication and the disappearing of corruption.
The report said that "The Commissioner considers that impunity of law-enforcement officials committing human rights violations is an entrenched problem in Turkey".
Throughout the trip, The Elders held discussions on the peace process with political leaders, representatives of human rights organisations, student and youth groups, women's groups, business, civil society and opinion leaders.
He would change the editorial style of the newspaper to a liberal tone, which was in opposition to the views most white people, and would inform South Africans about the racial and human rights abuses of apartheid and challenged the ruling Afrikaner National Party government.
Since 2017, it has been reported that least 1 million Uyghur Muslims have been detained in "re-education camps" commonly described as concentration camps, where they have been subject to torture, forced labor, religious discrimination, political indoctrination and other human rights abuses.
Fleeing from the Gómez dictatorship, he published his book El vegetarianismo where "for the first time in anarchism, he was not only committed to the vegetarian diet solely or mainly because of its healthiness, but because of a commitment to respect animals based on the fact that human beings are also an animal".
Human rights abuses faced by Zimbabweans in Botswana have also become the subject of a play entitled "Voice of the People", with actors from both countries.
Identification of various banned small peptides in human urine using liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry.
This is a list of Belgian provinces and the Region of Brussels by Human Development Index as of 2019.
He is the author of over 300 research papers and chapters most on the surgical treatment of epilepsy or the neurobiology of human cognition, and several books on the brain for the general public.
When compared with skeletal remains from other parts of Yucatán, Belize and the southern Maya lowlands, human remains from Chunchucmil indicate that their diet included significantly less corn (maize, the staple crop for most communities in the Maya area).
Desertification and drought; (c.) Reforestation and soil degradation; (d.) Marine Pollution and conservation of marine resources; (e.) Human settlements; (f.) Mining; (g.) Air Pollution Control; (g.) Environmental education and training, legislation, and information.
In that view, many human artifacts could be considered subject to sexual selection as part of the extended phenotype, for instance clothing that enhances sexually selected traits.
Would anyone single out lethal weaponry as "highly likely" or our "destiny," just because weapons have become more lethal over organic and human history?"
Some Chinese forced laborers in Japan have also been used in unethical human experiment.
Sediments from Dikika are older than the oldest sediments from Hadar and are therefore closer to the time interval in which there is some fragmentary evidence for the diverse nature of the human lineage.
There exist various accusations of national and international NGO's which mention violations of human rights as well as ecological debt in relation to the construction and management of the dam Salvajina.
A large urn, found  to the east of the center of the barrow, contained the cremated remains of a human.
Currently, Resources for Human Development run the CHOC program on the grounds, which is a long-term homeless shelter for the various residents of Montgomery County.
In another statement clarifying the goals for a post-Gaddafi Libya, the council committed itself an eight-point plan to hold free and fair elections, draft a national constitution, form political and civil institutions, uphold intellectual and political pluralism, and guarantee citizens' inalienable human rights and the ability of free expression of their aspirations.
Yoder has a zero rating from the Human Rights Campaign for his LGBT rights voting record.
Health human resources are an integral part of health services and play a fundamental role in providing care (PHAC, 2003).
In 2001, "deemed to be university"  status was conferred on Vinayaka Missions by the Ministry of Human Resources Development, Government of India.
Although his actions hinder human progress by keeping the people of Earth dependent on him, Jor-El argues that Earth only needs his family to protect them, even telling the Guardians of the Universe not to proceed with their plans to appoint a Green Lantern to Earth.
On the third day of the mission, the Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite (UARS) was deployed from Discovery's payload bay  above Earth to study human effects on the planet's atmosphere and its shielding ozone layer.
These data will be used to determine whether high duration human spaceflight and space colonisation are feasible.
The magazine was also criticized in 2009 and 2010, however, for being too sympathetic to the Mexican Army and failing to cover its alleged human rights abuses; Zeta named an army general its "person of the year" in each year.
They all go to the roof afterwards but their escape from the building is thwarted by the fully monsterized Joong-seop which, in its pre-monsterized state, ironically asked an emergent human to let him be transformed into a monster.
In an article titled "Scientocracy: Policy making that reflects human nature", he writes, "When I talk about Scientocracy, then, I'm not talking about a world ruled by behavioral scientists, or any other kind of scientists.
Computer scientist Pedro Domingos writes: "AIs are like autistic savants and will remain so for the foreseeable future.... AIs lack common sense and can easily make errors that a human never would...
Numerous factors, including a shorter history of systematic persecution, lesser sensitivity to human disturbance while nesting, somewhat greater ability to adapt to marginal habitats and widespread urbanization, and slightly smaller territories may play into the horned owls greater numbers in modern times.
The show often featured a climactic monologue delivered by the angel Monica in which she reveals herself as an angel to a human with the words: "I am an angel sent by God to tell you that He loves you."
Many Jews, whether they were survivors or not, experienced a loss of faith in the Jewish concept of God and even in the power of human goodness.
The population trend for both the common and defassa waterbuck is decreasing, especially that of the latter, with large populations being eliminated from their habitats due to poaching and human settlement.
Snakes are mildly venomous enough to endanger small prey items but not enough to harm a human.
He was interrupted once, when two thirds of the audience stood up, chanted "No human being is illegal" and filed out of the room.
Maurizio dedicated his last fifteen years of life entirely to the cultural history of human food.
According to the International Society for Human Rights, up to 80% of all acts of persecution are directed against people of the Christian faith.
In the eulogy ʻAbdu'l-Bahá states that Breakwell had reached the highest spiritual station to which a human being can attain, and had seen the face of God.
 Brown, Robin C. Florida's First People: 12,000 Years of Human History.
This field began by contrasting human decision behavior to theories of individual decision making and judgment such as probability theory and expected utility.
Chaput stated: "The suggestion that the wisdom of the Church, rooted in the Word of God and centuries of human experience, is somehow cruel or misguided does grave harm to her mission."
Listed are instances where people have been sentenced to jail terms in excess of a human lifetime.
During her time there she was highly active in human rights organizations along the West Bank.
Although cases involving airline security have resulted in the banning of kirpans on planes, the Court quoted the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal as saying whereas people know each other in a school, planes will always carry different people who never know each other.
The threat of extinction due to this is minimal, however, as the previously mentioned fish are all popular sport fish, subject to frequent reduction by human predation.
  was nominated for his role as Stromboli in Truly Human
Potassium is the eighth or ninth most common element by mass (0.2%) in the human body, so that a 60kg adult contains a total of about 120g of potassium.
By June 2013 the Dallas County Health and Human Services put up a billboard, titled, "Check Your Status," that asks men who have sex with men to get HIV tested.
The first known permanent human resident on Galápagos was Patrick Watkins, an Irish sailor who was marooned on the Island Floreana from 1807 to 1809.
In 2009, the plan was finalized and submitted to the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services; a seventh question related to infrastructure and surveillance needs was added to the plan in 2010.
Survival Guide has an ambitious package including the band's credo, Last Champion Manifesto, a 70-page booklet "detailing their mission of 'Unconditional Liberation of the Human Race,'" a poster by Jher 451 and sticker of their "protector" logo.
This practice creates air pockets in the human waste to promote aerobic decomposition.
The study of botany goes back into pre-history as plants were the food of people from the beginning of the human race.
(2007), it means the systematic use of sound to encode meaning in any spoken human language, or the field of linguistics studying this use.
Allen stated that the theme running through Tutu's campaigning was that of "democracy, human rights and tolerance, to be achieved by dialogue and accommodation between enemies."
The architecture of Scotland in the prehistoric era includes all human building within the modern borders of Scotland, before the arrival of the Romans in Britain in the first century BCE.
As spokesman Elizardo Sánchez Santa-Cruz of the Cuba human rights group CCDHRN said, Óscar Sánchez Madan was arrested on Friday April 13, 2007 and was convicted to four years of prison a few hours after his arrest by a secret court in an accelerated process in Union de Reyes, a village east of Havana.
Human C16orf96 has a large amount of predicted phosphorylation sites on serines throughout the protein.
He was a founding member of the Human Rights Protection Party.
One of the most evident concerns is the replacement of human labor by computers that can do their jobs faster and more effectively, thus creating a situation in which individuals who perform tasks that can easily be automated are forced to find employment where their labor is not as disposable.
Abnormal facial proportions, including those typically used by artists to enhance attractiveness (e.g., larger eyes), can look eerie with a photorealistic human texture.
Co-author as member of 17 person Committee on Human Genome Diversity (of the National Research Council, U.S. National Academy of Sciences).
Its habitat is relatively intact, but there is a risk of habitat loss from wood plantations, overgrazing by livestock, and human settlement.
The departments of Education, Health and Human Services, Justice, State, and Veterans Affairs have had two.
The solidarity of women in all countries of the world should be supported in their protest against violations of human rights condemned by the United Nations.
A human figure dressed in an ornate fringed robe and a high crown of feathers, faces a ship.
The Rules of procedure for evaluating implementation of the Council of Europe Convention on Action against Trafficking in Human Beings by the parties were adopted on 17 June 2009 and amended on 21 November 2014; they finally entered into force on 1 January 2015.
A human controls each movement, each machine actuator change is specified by the operator.
They are talented mimics of human speech.
Since the Arab Spring events that led to the collapse of the Tunisian government, TMG has worked to ensure constitutional guarantees of free expression and human rights within the country.
The ADF continues providing assistance around legal incidents, creating new supporting documents for legal teams, updating their online legal information, and developing new legal and human rights arguments based on previous casework.
The College is housed in seven storied building, It has ICT equipped 40 class rooms, spacious library with reading room, cyber cell, placement cell, moot court room, legal aid cell, human rights cell, women empowerment cell, sports room, NSS room, conference hall etc.
Points to remember on Human Rights Day.
He is known to have a prosthetic right arm as his removable hand conceals a needle gun, firing powerful shots enough to critically injure a human or destroy an object.
In a manner similar to that which occurred on other Pacific islands during the time (the Holocene period), the nēnē-nui (as well as most of its relatives and the local ducks, such as the Moa-nalo) became extinct soon after human settlement of the Hawaiian Islands.
In 1979 he was named the first black Nuffield Dominion Fellow to the University of Oxford, where he completed his DPhil degree in human immunogenetics in 1983 under Professor Sir Andrew McMichael.
In December 2013, following the publication of a study on nickel dust's effects on human health, the MDDEP tightened the province's limits for atmospheric concentration of the metal.
The album's first single, "Road of a Thousand Dreams", was re-recorded and included as an iTunes bonus track on the album Human Era.
Eritrea - Human Rights Watch has described Eritrea as one of the world's most closed countries.
In the beginning of the Pleistocene Paranthropus species were still present, as well as early human ancestors, but during the lower Palaeolithic they disappeared, and the only hominin species found in fossilic records is Homo erectus for much of the Pleistocene.
"so that everyone might see clearly that the Church and her Pastors are not opposed to true and solid science, whether human or divine, but that they embrace it, encourage it, and promote it with the fullest possible devotion."
MEPs from the French La France insoumise, the Belgian Workers' Party of Belgium, the German Human Environment Animal Protection, the Irish Independents 4 Change, and the Danish Red-Green Alliance joined the group.
Similar threats are faced by all Nisaetus hawk-eagles, with only the changeable hawk-eagle shown to be resilient to human interferences and not in decline at the species level.
Earth in Mind: On Education, Environment, and the Human Prospect.
The Daylight Award is awarded every second year since 2016 "to honor and support daylight research and daylight in architecture, for the benefit of human health, well-being and the environment.
Human iPSCs expressed the markers specific to hESC, including SSEA-3, SSEA-4, TRA-1-60, TRA-1-81, TRA-2-49/6E, and Nanog.
Hu painted landscapes and human figures, and specialized in sketching chrysanthemums.
Human rights groups charge that extraordinary rendition is a violation of Article 3 of the United Nations Convention Against Torture (UNCAT), because suspects are taken to countries where torture during interrogation remains common, thus circumventing the protections the captives would enjoy in the United States or nations who abide by the terms of UNCAT.
43 years later, the human forces launched a counterattack under the codename "Operation Damocles" on one of the Therian's factory Planets, the starting point for the AT-43 miniatures game.
It is her best-known work, pioneering the use of linguistic typology as a tool for understanding human migrations in prehistory.
Blé, claiming the French military was attempting a coup against the Ivorian government, urged his supporters to surround Abidjan airport, and to form a human chain around the residence of President Gbagbo, near the Hôtel Ivoire.
In the aftermath of the 1998 United States embassy bombings, Osama bin Laden stressed that he would have done this even if his own children were being used as human shields.
The demolition of the barracks in the 20th century left a significant, purposeless void used as a car park; not until 2000 was the decision made to build a museum on human evolution in its place.
She served on the Human Rights Violations Committee until May 1998.
To coordinate human resource development in institutes of the council and to encourage the training of scientific personnel and research workers through the provision of grants and fellowships;
He complimented the philosophical musing of the miniseries, which he argued "takes on shades of Black Mirror and existentialism to cast a critical eye on technology and the human spirit."
Not to make human forms even for decorative purposes — Standard: ; Yemenite: 
The men of science, in carrying on their labors in a spirit of reverence and humility, try to interpret the great book of knowledge in order that the paths of man may fell in more pleasant places, and the ways of human society may be better keeping the divine purpose."
Meanwhile, Callum becomes the first human to directly access primal magic, connecting with the Sky Arcanum.
In 1942, he volunteered for the Special Submarine Flotilla, later known as the 12th Submarine Flotilla, which used two-man human torpedoes, chariots and midget submarines, to attack enemy targets, including the German battleship Tirpitz.
In a human rights report on Canada, Amnesty International suggested that the government should have "respect for indigenous rights when issuing licences for mining, logging and petroleum and other resource extraction."
The PABC domain is approximately 75 amino acids and consists of 4 or 5 α-helices depending on the organism – human PABCs have 5, while yeast has been observed to have 4.
In late December 2017, the State Commission of Human Rights announced that state officials cannot refuse to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples.
In it he explains that the world is not a chaos of mutually opposed forces; nor is it the dwelling of demonic powers from which human beings must protect themselves.
It's like if you are put inside prison, you forfeit that right to be treated as a human being."
The National Human Trafficking Resource Center (NHTRC) was later established by the Polaris Project as a national, toll-free hotline, available to answer calls from anywhere in the United States, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, every day of the year.
This form of capitalism seeks to commodify private human experience to create behavioral futures markets, in which behavior is predicted and behavioral data is harvested from the user.
The World 1 activities of the brain may be analysed in terms of physics and chemistry but also biology, as the human brain is a living and highly active organ - the most complex and most intensely active entity within World 1 - with this giving rise to consideration of the biological purposes of brain activity.
The importance of this work was to show there is no absolute dividing line between the human species and their nearest living relative, at least in this respect.
The embarkment consecrated by human sacrifice, a ritual widespread in Polynesian culture, but altogether rare in Pohnpeian history.
She memorised chapters of the Bible, including one from the Book of Job concerning the uncertainty of human life.
Early in his career he held a number of management positions (1968 -1980), mainly in operations, human resources and marketing, in a variety of sectors including manufacturing (Reynolds Metals- Alcoa), finance and real estate (Desjardins Trust), management consulting (Ernst & Young), and publishing (Sogides).
program through the Seton Hall University College of Education and Human Services, Achilles was also an expert on problem analysis and research design.
 Human rights defenders working on sexual orientation and gender identity issues in countries and regions around the world "have been threatened, had their houses and offices raided, they have been attacked, tortured, sexually abused, tormented by regular death threats and even killed.
Due to this engineering focus and the increased use of software in mission critical and human critical systems, where failure can result in large losses of capital but more importantly lives such as the Therac-25 system, many ethical codes have been developed by a number of societies, associations and organizations.
It is famous for archaeological evidence of human activity there in the Stone Age, some 70~000 years ago || 
Alfred Athiel Thorne, LLD, MA, aka A.A. Thorne (August 14, 1871 – April 23, 1956), was a popular elected statesman, incisive author, pioneer for educational access, and human rights advocate in British Guiana.
The Wild Pack searched for Deathlok's human body, and battled the Cyberwarriors.
Throughout his political career, he served as mayor of San Miguel from 2003 to 2014, member of the Peruvian Congress from 2016 to 2020, and Minister of Justice and Human Rights at the start of Martín Vizcarra administration, in 2018.
In 2019 the Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (IPBES), an international organization formed to serve a similar role to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), published the Global Assessment Report on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services which said that up to a million plant and animal species are facing extinction because of human activities.
The matter was not discussed again, and on June 14, 2010, five days after Chicago won the Stanley Cup, the Blackhawks human resources director gave Aldrich the option to resign or face termination if John Doe's claims turned out to be true.
On 28 September 1999, the proposal was sent to the Human Rights and Public Affairs Commission of the Saeima for discussion.
Nevertheless, the bottom-line conclusion from climate fingerprinting is that most of the observed changes studied to date are consistent with each other, and are also consistent with our scientific understanding of how the climate system would be expected to respond to the increase in heat-trapping gases resulting from human activities.
The bore wells are practically owned by the operators, who fix the price of water for livestock and human consumption.
It supports freedom of expression, calls for tolerance and the rule of law, condemns human rights abuses, and supports liberal economic views.
Semantics can be considered as the study of the link between symbols and their referents or concepts – particularly the way that signs relate to human behavior.
She is a Professor of Human and Organizational Learning & International Affairs at the George Washington University, where she also serves as a Faculty Senator, and a member of Faculty Senate Executive Committee.
Promession is a method of freeze drying human remains before burial to increase the rate of decomposition.
 Violative inspections of manufacturers of human cell, tissue, and cellular and tissue-based products (HCT/Ps)."
The applicable Guidance for Type III DMFs is the “Guidance for Industry: Container Closure Systems for Packaging Human Drugs and Biologics: Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls Documentation” and Questions and Answers.
Mokhtar Trifi, president of the Tunisian Human Rights League (LTDH), said that lawyers across Tunisia had been "savagely beaten".
Three-quarters of the earth is covered by water, and in the fabric of human history, the most pervasive thread is our association with the planet's oceans, rivers and lakes.
In 2006 human rights activist Nikhil Soni and his lawyer Madhav Mishra, filed a Public Interest Litigation with the Rajasthan High Court.
According to Rarick, only cooked bones would be preserved, and it is unlikely that the Donner Party members would have needed to cook human bones.
 Human endogenous retrovirus K endopeptidase
Chris is excited to see Robin, an ordinary human being, performing stunts.
His main area of study is the human lymphatic system.
This event is now commemorated by a stone, and the esplanade is known as the esplanade des droits de l'homme (English: "Esplanade of Human Rights").
After approval for human research is granted to the trial sponsor, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) organizes and monitors the results of trials according to type:
Ultimately, Smith's goal was to use horror as a way to help others understand the human experience of obsession and fear.
Solutions to medical hurdles, such as the eradication of latent human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) reservoirs and correction of the mutation that causes sickle cell disease, may be available as a therapeutic option in the future.
In one approach, mouse DNA encoding the binding portion of a monoclonal antibody was merged with human antibody-producing DNA in living cells.
Improving competitiveness of the products, services and human resources both in domestic and foreign markets.
 Editor: Karamjit S. Gill, Professor Emeritus, Human Centred Systems, University of Brighton
Attacks can be provoked accidentally, as when a human surprises a tiger or inadvertently comes between a mother and her young, or as in a case in rural India when a postman startled a tiger, used to seeing him on foot, by riding a bicycle.
Coleridge believed that joy does not come from external nature, but that it emanates from the human heart.
Meanwhile, human sisters Maggie and Michelle are eager to see SNH48 live, but their fairy caretaker Shirley doesn't agree.
mzData was the first attempt by the Proteomics Standards Initiative (PSI) from the Human Proteome Organization (HUPO) to create a standardized format for Mass Spectrometry data.
The units had the tools to respond to the commanders needs from unmanned aerial vehicles to signals gathering equipment and human intelligence collectors.
The Renaissance ideal city, implied the centralized power of a prince in its organization, an idea following closely on the heels of Dante’s that "The human race is at its best under a monarch."
He was described as "an outstanding commercial lawyer who had shrewdly and inventively applied the law to secure justice in politically controversial and human rights cases."
The promise of an "atomic age," with nuclear energy as the global, utopian technology for the satisfaction of human needs, has been a recurring theme ever since.
It is a perfect example of the 'ultra-dramatic', a dramatic action of beings who are more than human... or rather, seen in a light more than that of day."
Paths of blood circulation within the human body can be divided into two circuits: the pulmonary circuit, which pumps blood to the lungs to receive oxygen and leave carbon dioxide, and the systemic circuit, which carries blood from the heart off to the rest of the body.
Other scholars, such as Clarke, argue that the successful implementation of NTA rests on the acknowledgement in a state of "universal" principles: true Rule of Law, established human rights, stated guarantees to minorities and their members to use their own quotidien language, religion, and food practices, and a framework of anti-discrimination legislation in order to enforce these rights.
The Society does not believe that it has the right to decide the question of sedevacantism definitively, but believe that "those who presently are thought to be occupying hierarchical positions in the Catholic Church are acting, for the most part, as though they do not have the Faith, according to all human means of judging".
Neither Donehoo, Skinner, nor Moorehead described the discovery of any human skeletons at Sayre exhibiting gigantism or horned protrusions in their official excavation reports
17 October – Northwestern University researchers unveil a new 3D printer known as HARP (high-area rapid printing), which can produce an object the size of an adult human within two hours, without sacrificing quality or resolution.
Human intuition about conditional probability is often very poor and can give rise to some seemingly surprising observations.
Jonathan A. C. Brown, a Sunni who follows the Hanbali school of Islamic jurisprudence, asserts that the hadith tradition is a "common sense science" or a "common sense tradition" and is "one of the biggest accomplishments in human intellectual history ... in its breadth, in its depth, in its complexity and in its internal consistency."
In the human adult, the ureters are usually  long and around  in diameter.
The Deinonychus would be hybrids, containing human DNA for intelligence and dog DNA for obedience.
 "North Korean Refugees in China and Human Rights Issues: International Response and U.S. Policy Options", CRS Report to Congress, 26 September 2007
So, human is the lowest species in this diagram.
Some media critics noted the "cross-species marriage" between Brian's Cousin and a human lover, but stated that Stewie is the "most interesting" portrayal of homosexuality in the series.
In 2004, following the catastrophic Indian Ocean tsunami which devastated both human and animal populations in the region, Soi Dog's presence became even more valuable.
The daimonic is obviously not an entity but refers to a fundamental, archetypal function of human experience -- an existential reality".
Debates have arisen surrounding the extent of the impact of these antibiotics, particularly antimicrobial growth promoters, on human antibiotic resistance.
The resort's three "worlds" are populated with lifelike androids that are practically indistinguishable from human beings, each programmed in character for their assigned historical environment.
The telecoupling framework derives from the understanding that all land systems are connected through coupled human and natural systems, and these that social, ecological, and economic impacts are the result.
It is also claimed that the Soviet model provided a better quality of life and human development than market economies at the same level of economic development in nearly all cases.
He believes that “the family is the sanctuary of love and of life” and that “the human community is destined for fraternity”.
By extension, Calhoun believes that human equality is derived from the relationship between equal states and not equal persons.
This organization was named the "Gandhi Society for Human Rights."
Eternal value – Cuan Mhuire believes that each human being is of eternal value, is made to the image and likeness of God and that there are no hopeless cases.
 Narasimha Varma's efforts to  abolish human sacrifice
He supported the human birth control of Taiwan since 1967 and later Thailand.
In a company, the person holding the position typically reports directly to the CEO, and their duties involve overseeing and identifying the legal issues in all departments and their interrelation, including engineering, design, marketing, sales, distribution, credit, finance, human resources and production, as well as corporate governance and business policy.
He was a member of the Parliamentary groups on homelessness, transport, Indo-British affairs, AIDS, animal welfare, multiple sclerosis, chronic fatigue syndrome, disablement, human rights, Kashmir and alcohol abuse.
Category 3 material – from animals considered healthy and without specific risks, that is to say the carcasses have been declared fit for human consumption after health inspection.
In her most successful works, the figures present stunning expressions of human existence.
He was a member of the Human Rights Party from 2007 to 2012.
San Buenaventura was Majority Whip, Chair of the House Human Services and Homelessness Committee, and Vice-chair of the House Judiciary Committee.
Each of these passions are a link to the world of mankind or order of human society.
In contrast, the same two joints in Deinonychus allow up to 88 and 130 degrees of motion, respectively, while a human arm can rotate 360 degrees at the shoulder and move through 165 degrees at the elbow.
In the video game, which is set in a post-apocalyptic fictional Boston, the "Combat Zone" takes on a literal meaning as an area for human barbed wire steel cage matches.
The moment is interrupted by Computer's analysis:  the Kaldorians are sufficiently human to exist on Earth.
It has been found in maternal bovine and human milk.
The artworks aim to bring out the underlying thoughts of the animals and let the animals speak to the human.
The science fiction author David Pringle rated The Santaroga Barrier three stars out of four and described the novel as "one of Herbert's more effective treatments of the hive mentality-and the possible next step in the evolution of human intelligence."
As each function in Dumèzil's theory corresponded to a designated social class in the human realm; the first function was the highest, and was reserved for the status of kings and other royalty.
The country had the lowest inequality-adjusted Human Development Index (IHDI), ranking 150th out of 150 countries.
At the same time, the explosion of commercial interest in the country opened the way for multinational corporations to turn a blind eye to politics and human rights in favor of focusing on business interests.
For the period 2014-16, ENNHRI's mission is: "Supporting and strengthening European NHRIs to protect and promote human rights effectively, in line with the Paris Principles."
NHC was founded in 1987 to provide input on Human Rights, Economics and the Environment, and Security aspects of the Helsinki Accords.
The MCC subsequently declared the drug unfit for human consumption.
Michael Kirby has described legal professional privilege as an "important human right deserving of special protection for that reason".
On May 13, 2013, AWS was awarded an Agency Authority to Operate (ATO) from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services under the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program.
Gloushkov and her fiancé live in the Jerusalem suburb of Moshav Shoresh, and she is studying for a bachelor's degree in social sciences and human resources at Achva College of Ben-Gurion University of the Negev.
Article 2 calls on states, institutions, groups and individuals not to discriminate on the basis of race in human rights.
It is mentioned in An Attempt to Escape that there is a human resident (or spy) on Tagora whose name is presumably Benny Durov (Бенни Дуров) and he is a progressor working under cover to study Tagorian technology.
He is twitchy, has poor hygiene, constantly talks to himself in a nervous voice and is always gulping down vitamins and appetite suppressants in a vain effort to avoid his craving for human brains.
His song styles range from folk to jazz-influenced rock and his lyrics cover a broad range of topics including human rights, environmental issues, politics, and Christianity.
Ectopic expression of miR-26b inhibits the proliferation, migration, invasion and vasculogenic mimicry of human glioma cells.
At the time, the mill was primarily used to process animal feed, but eventually switched to processing cereals for human consumption under the ownership of Jan Pijnappel.
The species is threatened by habitat loss caused by logging, agriculture, and human settlement; it occurs in areas of good soil and climate, favoring agricultural expansion.
According to Ursula Barry throughout  human history the bodily autonomy of women has been contested.
Set in the near future, the plot depicts an alien invasion which nearly brings about human extinction.
The book analyses the impact of technology on human evolution and the rise of the geek class.
The closed bell is a pressure vessel for human occupation, which may be used for bounce diving or saturation diving, with access to the water through a hatch at the bottom.
The Nicarao engaged in war with the Matagalpa, probably in order to capture slaves, and prisoners to be offered for human sacrifice.
Due to difficult terrain, human labor is the main driving force of the work done.
In addition, some current research has focused on modeling the nature and effects of various social cues commonly employed within a dialogue by human tutors and tutees, in order to build trust and rapport (which have been shown to have positive impacts on student learning).
Mountford praised the writer and directors' research, the play's sound design, and "the human angle, the sense of frustration and camaraderie as these men try to carve out fragments of personal lives".
Noor Islam Dawar (; ) was a human rights activist in the Pashtun Tahafuz Movement (PTM).
The AY-3-8910 generates tones with base frequencies of up to 125 kHz (4 MHz input clock, or 6 MHz  with the YM2149F), well beyond human perception and into the ultrasonic range.
"Almost every businessman in 18th-century New York had a stake, at one time or another, in the traffic in human beings".
In classical Greece, Homer tells of the centaur Chiron, who conveyed herbal secrets to his human pupils, and taught Achilles to use yarrow on the battle grounds of Troy.
Here he wished to commemorate the "meritorious soldier and human being Günther Prien [who is] forgotten neither by the old submariners nor" —and this would have startled most observers in Germany today [in 1995] —"by the young submariners of the Federal German Navy".
Jefferson Square, an office complex in downtown Columbia, South Carolina, is the headquarters of the state's Department of Health and Human Services which oversees the Medicaid program for South Carolinians.
Internationally recognised as a successful model of grassroots prevention and support, SAP brings diverse gay, bisexual, and trans men together to talk about the challenges and issues posed by human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS) through neighbourhood outreach, workshops and community forums.
It is established to decide the individual claims against the states on issues of European convention on human rights, which is not helpful in the issue of reparations.
Also, others impacts of climate change can make societies less stable - more wars, human migration, less effective medical and sanitation systems increase the risk of epidemics.
New Orleans has always had to consider the risk of hurricanes, but the risks are dramatically greater today due to coastal erosion from human interference.
Kant favoured rationalism over empiricism, which meant he viewed morality as a form of knowledge, rather than something based on human desire.
Mother and child escape to the Star-realm, but begin to miss the human father.
After Kenyatta's death, Moi took power and tightened his hold on Kenya through censoring and human rights violations.
Many biological processes (e.g., in the human anatomy) use negative feedback.
He also worked with the Black Artists Group, the Art Ensemble of Chicago, the Human Arts Ensemble and Michel Portal.
Human Impacts on Ancient Shellfish: A 10,000 Year Record from San Miguel Island, California.
They ranked in the top three in 8 of 14 scientific fields including engineering, clinical medicine, human biology, animal and plant biology, geosciences, social science medicine, health, chemistry, physics, and astronomy), and ranked as the 5th most prolific book publisher from 2009-2013, ranking 3rd in Engineering and Technology and 2nd in Science by numbers of books published.
Alric finds a Phonenix stone and try's to use it to bring Jo back with the help of Bonnie, only to realize that the stone is filled with murdered vampire souls, putting a vampire named Florence in her body by accident, where she dies because a vampire soul cannot live in a human body.
According to Mandeville, no one ventures into Hanyson out of fear, but the people in the surrounding area know it to be populated, as they can hear human voices inside.
Human adenovirus serotype 5 is often used because it can be easily produced in high titers.
In Orașele înecate, influenced by H. G. Wells, Aderca borrowed the trappings of science fiction to comment on human civilization.
In saying this, the Pope affirmed that Jews were full members of the human community—which is Goldhagen's own criterion for establishing 'dissent from the anti-Semitic creed'."
The hand, sometimes also called a handbreadth or handsbreadth, is an anthropic unit, originally based on the breadth of a male human hand, either with or without the thumb, or on the height of a clenched fist.
You always had a feeling of a human inside something and the feeling of the (foreign) planet was missing."
On 23 September 1999, the Latvian National Human Rights Office presented a registered partnership bill to the Saeima (Parliament).
UN High Commissioner For Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein stated that their use was "totally unacceptable" and constituted indiscriminate attacks as they were very difficult to aim correctly, frequently killing and maiming civilians in government-held areas.
In March 2003, an amendment was officially made to the Constitution of the People's Republic of China, officially stating that 'The State respects and preserves human rights.'
The Later Stone Age was also long distinguished from the earlier Middle Stone Age as the time in which modern human behavior developed in Africa.
Several scholars have noted how Ina discrimination against Shori doubles as commentary on human racist practices.
Protesting tribal elders have rejected the compensation offered by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to the families of Parachinar bombing victims, saying that they needed to be recognised as human beings first.
These pieces typically entertain a diverse color palette, and explore themes such as human interconnectedness and cosmic energy.
It is 50 to 100 times more infectious than human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Eventually, Kety and Schmidt worked together to form experiments about the cerebral circulation in a human.
There is no simple analogy between human chakras and the chakras of the earth.
‘Green’ design is centralized around specifically decreasing environmental impacts from human development whereas sustainability can be viewed through an environmental, economic or social lens.
A free worker cannot sell his human capital in one go; it is far from being a liquid asset, even more illiquid than shares and land.
Helpful pointers with the village indigobird are the association with its host species, the red-billed firefinch, and its presence near human habitation.
Setyabudi has also served as the Home Ministry's head of the Agency for Human Resources Development, as well as the head of the Directorate General of Regional Autonomy.
At St. Bartholomew's Hospital in London, gynecologist Gordon Bourne led a team of surgeons in performing the first fetal exchange transfusion on a human being, replacing the blood of an unborn child who was endangered by Rh factor incompatibility.
As Cernan prepared to climb the ladder for the final time, he spoke these words, currently the last spoken by a human being standing on the lunar surface:
 2007 Toronto, Canada, International Dental Ethics and Law Congress “Role of a global federation and human rights”
He works primarily in large-scale, monochromatic lithographs featuring the human body and animals.
There are many differences between the human and murine hematopoietic cell markers for the commonly accepted type of hematopoietic stem cells.
CSN proceeded to be critical of the MSM, and MSM proceeded to minimize, downplay, ignore or underreport movement news and China's human rights abuse.
The research also located a possible origin of modern human migration in southwestern Africa, near the coastal border of Namibia and Angola.
Private background checks conducted by human resource departments 
In the upcoming sections, configurations becomes further divorced from the human sensory apparatus, imagining new possibilities for sight.
However, later it was clarified by Norwegian Accident Investigation Board that the brakes on the cars did not work as they should, but it remains unclear whether human or technical error prevented the track brakes from functioning properly.
Referred to as “bioeffers,” these terrorists oppose the work of Jonathan Durant, who comes from a dynasty of scientists working to perfect transferring human minds to robot bodies.
In its official Letter of Objection to the Civil Human Rights Front (CHRF), police cited pandemic health concerns as well as risks due to "persisting social unrest".
A few strains from organisms genetically identified as other Clostridium species have caused human botulism: C. butyricum has produced type E toxin and C. baratii had produced type F toxin.
This race eventually self-evolved to look human, eventually losing the ability to resurrect mechanically in favor of biological reproduction.
A self-identified feminist, Carmen is a PhD student studying human behavior and sexuality.
To prevent a single human being from crossing into Maryland to execute the laws of the United States."
 Violence in Gujarat - Human Rights Watch
Gravely disturbed by human conditions, he arraigns Peace and champions the sword of War as a cleansing scourge."
Flight from Death explores death as the root cause of much of human behavior and is inspired by the works and writings of cultural anthropologist and social theorist Ernest Becker.
), international non-governmental organizations (NGOs) including Human Rights in China and Amnesty International, and citizens, lawyers, and dissidents inside the country, state that the authorities in mainland China regularly sanction or organize such abuses.
 Slopes that have been undercut or loaded with more sediment for human construction
This is backed up with the constant communication with the human forces and the Mykonians during the course of events.
This bill stated that “until health studies are conducted by the Department of Health and Human Services", there will be a suspension on permitting for mountaintop removal coal mining.
Human Rights Watch stated that these executions are "an extremely grave offense—in fact, a war crime" and urged both Fatah and Hamas to be responsible for civilians in their custody.
As one writer put it following Conley's death, "The thrill was that Sally Spectra got to be in the game, got to be a fully sexualized, fully realized human being with a vulnerable heart, who faced tragedy, like losing [ex-husband] Clarke, or the death of her beloved [daughter] Macy.
A shorter list of spaceports for human spaceflight and satellite launches is available in the article Spaceport.
The case reached the Supreme Court of Argentina, and was also presented before the Inter-American Court of Human Rights.
Rogers imagines a world troubled by overpopulation and environmental disaster and suggests what the fate of the human race in such a world may be.
In 2020, Kennedys IQ, a separate technology driven company that combines human and machine intelligence, was launched.
Her late father, the author and poet Ken Saro-Wiwa, became a well-known Nigerian environmental and human rights activist.
Following the long-standing demand for more Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) the then Minister of Human Resource Development Murali Manoher Joshi decided to upgrade the  Regional Engineering Colleges (RECs) to NITs.
"But the commandment to suffer clearly pertains to the Son only in His human nature.
Professor Mitarai, the leader of SGM, finally shares a secret with his foster son, a young photojournalist named Kyôtarô Kagami ("kagami" = Japanese for "mirror"), a secret only he himself knows: Kyôtarô is a half-caste of an alien father and a human mother (both of whom are missing — captives of the Invaders).
 Malachi Ritscher (1954–2006), American musician, recording engineer, human rights activist, and anti-war protester
Today, the "William Thierry Preyer Award" is issued by the European Society on Developmental Psychology for excellence in research of human development.
Baron Strucker is a highly intelligent man in peak human physical condition.
At the same time, another supra-individual collective being would be forming by uniting all those who reject the good Godman and live by nurturing the selfish part of the human nature; it is the evil "Devilman" (Дьяволочеловек, D'yavolochelovek).
“Equality and the Human Condition,” in a special issue on Justice, Equality, and Difference of Theoria (South Africa) 92, December, 1998, pp.
Oded Galor and Omer Moav advanced the hypothesis that evolutionary forces had a significant role in the transition of the world economy from stagnation to growth, highlighting the persistent effects that historical and prehistorical conditions have had on the evolution of the composition of human characteristics during the development process.
However, since they must be derived from early human embryos their production and use in research has been a hotly debated topic.
Tan Sri Datuk Seri Dr. Fong Chan Onn  (, born 29 February 1944) is a Malaysian politician and a former Minister of Human Resources.
Alloprevotella rava is a Gram-negative and anaerobic bacterium from the genus of Alloprevotella which has been isolated from the human oral cavity.
While negligible for most human activities, terrestrial tides' semi-diurnal amplitude can reach about  at the Equator— due to the Sun—which is important in GPS calibration and VLBI measurements.
In one study too high of a dose to human hepatoma cells resulted in DNA fragmentation, chromosomal damage and organelle membrane instability which could result in apoptotic behavior.
The Hall was used by the Wellcome Sanger Institute and housed the early years of the UK's contribution to the Human Genome Project.
After completing her University education she did her one-year mandatory National Service at the National Disaster Management Organization (NADMO) as an Human resource officer.
Heidegger proposes that our way of being human and the way the world is for us are cast historically through a fundamental ontological questioning.
In her The Destiny of the Nations, Bailey described a process by which this "new race" will evolve, after which "very low grade human bodies will disappear, causing a general shift in the racial types toward a higher standard."
Even after the couples' passing, the shrub – now grown to the height of a fair-sized tree – is used to human attention, and meat.
BIDCO Cleared of Human Rights Violation Claims in Uganda
The video made a number of claims, which were quickly refuted and denounced by martial law victims, including former Senate President Aquilino Pimentel Jr., former Social Welfare Secretary Judy Taguiwalo, former Commission on Human Rights chair Etta Rosales, and writer Boni Ilagan, among others.
One of the guests, however, peeked into the kitchen, noticed that the head of this fish had a human face, and warned the others not to eat it.
The Bible is held to be true in passages relating to human salvation, but, "We should not expect total accuracy from the Bible in other, secular matters".
Human breast cancer metastasizes to multiple distant organs such as the brain, lungs, bones and liver.
In very deed, pestilence, and famine, and wars, and earthquakes have to be regarded as a remedy for nations, as the means of pruning the luxuriance of the human race."
The Bernice Summerfield play The Crystal of Cantus features a former human colony turned into Cybermen, with Irving Braxiatel planning to use them as a private army.
Edwards said the Enquirer story was "made up", further stating, "I've been in love with the same woman for 30-plus years," referring to his wife Elizabeth, "and as anybody who's been around us knows, she's an extraordinary human being, warm, loving, beautiful, sexy and as good a person as I have ever known.
Youth Advocacy Module (1996) Published by U.S. Health & Human Service.
The message touched on his beliefs in God's existence and human immortality, included an expression of gratitude for the "great experience" of having been with his friends, family, and congregants during his lifetime—and then the singing rabbi ended with words from a song: Shalom, Haverim:  Farewell, friends.
They are structured by a wide set of symbols (e.g., stars, eyes, trees, breasts, penises, vaginas), which serve as a personal shorthand to explore the human collective unconscious, gender dichotomies, and sexuality.
The brightness surrounding the human form in Ezekiel's vision looks like a rainbow, and as soon as he sees it, Ezekiel falls prostrate, because he recognizes it as 'the appearance of the likeness of the glory' of Yahweh.
On 2 July 1995, three people were arrested for throwing ash and human blood on the aircraft's fuselage, following an earlier incident in which a protester had thrown red paint over the gallery's carpeting.
From the possibility of a nurturing primary triad of father, mother, and child she conceived a process of Human Validation.
As reported in a study by the Federal parliamentary services (Parlamentsdienste), the noise caused by human activities in the chamber of the National Council is clearly too loud.
It emphasised the importance of free and fair elections, the extension of state authority throughout the country, reintegration of ex-combatants, respect for human rights, the unhindered return of refugees and internally displaced persons and taking action to end impunity.
...we are departing with mixed feelings, for there are very few of us in the Czechoslovak Air Force whose families escaped persecution and often death at the hands of the Germans, a price our dear ones had to pay because their sons had taken up arms against the enemies of human freedom...
The International Society for the Study of Behavioural Development (ISSBD) is an international, multidisciplinary learned society dedicated to research on human development.
One Uranus commercial touts the amazing properties of its space-age polymer product "Brown 25" (which looks suspiciously like human feces): "It has the strength of steel, the flexibility of rubber, and the nutritional value of beef stew."
That support translated into everything from bullets to beans, fuel to maintenance parts and coordinating certain human resource services (liaison teams, personnel replacements, finance).
The Brihadaranyaka Upanishad starts the second chapter as a conversation between Ajatashatru and Balaki Gargya on theory of dreams, positing that human beings see dreams entirely unto themselves because mind draws, in itself, the powers of sensory organs, which it releases in the waking state.
This divine partnership, according to Paul VI, does not allow for arbitrary human decisions, which may limit divine providence.
He also completed MBA major in Human Resource Management.
Belov grew up in West Ryde, New South Wales and pursued her undergraduate degree at Macquarie University in human genetics.
She is the first human ally of the Ninja Turtles.
The sheer tenacity of the human spirit against oppression, against rats, against drugs, against the numbing, almost soothing grind of poverty, is glorious and triumphant."
The Seattle Post-Intelligencers Sean Axmaker called it "a celebration of the human spirit nothing short of sublime."
The Daily NK: The Hub of North Korean News – News about North Korea and human rights.
Although in human form, the soul is capable of conscious divinity, all the impressions that it has gathered during evolution are illusory ones that create a barrier against the soul knowing itself.
Later, working from his own story, based on the last days of Portuguese in Goa, in the early 1960s, Shyam explored human relationships in Trikal (1985).
Kalle Könkkölä, 68, Finnish politician and human rights activist, MP (1983–1987), pneumonia.
During the time, human cloning was authorized and performed.
It was "a revolution in the rules of behavior, but also in the very image of the human being".
As a first grader, Mike Wazowski begins to dream of becoming a Scarer - a monster who enters the human world at night to scare children and harvest their screams for energy to power the city of Monstropolis.
Particularly scenes on pottery show the Pax deity to be intimately associated with war and human sacrifice.
In an attempt to reclaim Earth's surface, some of the dinosaurs evolve into deadly monsters and start wreaking havoc on human population centers around the globe.
The noticeable morphological differences in skull shape between the two human species also have cognitive implications.
Reports of such cases are disputed and many observers, including human rights groups, find it extremely difficult to determine whether compulsion was used.
Darwin considered Malthus's argument, that human populations breed beyond their means and compete to survive, in relation to his findings about species relating to localities, earlier enquiries into animal breeding, and ideas of Natural "laws of harmony".
Different nihilist positions hold variously that human values are baseless, that life is meaningless, that knowledge is impossible, or that some set of entities do not exist or are meaningless or pointless.
The novel traces the life of Bambi, a male roe deer, from his birth through childhood, the loss of his mother, the finding of a mate, the lessons he learns from his father, and the experience he gains about the dangers posed by human hunters in the forest.
Linga sarira is a Sanskrit term for the invisible double of the human body, the etheric body or etheric double (or astral body in some Theosophical concepts).
On September 28, 2012, Nadelmann spoke at the Human Rights Foundation’s San Francisco Freedom Forum.
In this mode, it allows sound transmission at around 2,000–4,000 Hertz, which causes maximum discomfort for the people targeted, as this is the frequency range at  human hearing is most sensitive.
British rule in Ceylon, the government of Sri Lanka and the separatist Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) as well as various other paramilitaries and marxist Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP) rebels are accused of violating human rights.
Authors Tat Woods and Lawrence Miles descrive them as "web-footed human beings in black frogman outfits."
IL-5 is a 115-amino acid (in human, 133 in the mouse) -long TH2 cytokine that is part of the hematopoietic family.
The judiciary and human rights advocates fiercely criticised the first amendments enacted in April 1991 because they restored corporal and capital punishment and denied recourse to the courts in cases of compulsory purchase of land by the government.
Agriculture and Human Values V21 127-137.
The DevBot has a standardized safety cell for a driver, and it has a seat for a driver, allowing for both human and machine to drive the vehicle.
It is revealed that Jesse is part of the Cuzas line and his father insisted that he have a portrait of himself done on human skin as part of their family tradition.
Dinh's representative publications include "Defending Liberty: Terrorism and Human Rights" in the Helsinki Monitor, "Codetermination and Corporate Governance in a Multinational Business Enterprise" in the Journal of Corporation Law, and "Financial Sector Reform and Economic Development in Vietnam" in Law and Policy in International Business.
Later that day, Activision Blizzard's global head of human relations, Jesse Meschuk, was also confirmed to have been fired.
The Sumerian written language and the associated clay tablets are among the earliest human writings.
KWI of Anthropology, Human Heredity and Eugenics, founded 1926 in Berlin-Dahlem.
Ibrahim bin Taher bin Ahmed Al-Azem (ar), poet and human rights activist
At the turn of the 20th century the first generation of German sociologists formally introduced methodological anti-positivism, proposing that research should concentrate on human cultural norms, values, symbols, and social processes viewed from a resolutely subjective perspective.
Darling-Hammond was a Senior Social Scientist and Director of the RAND Education and Human Resources Program when she departed for academia in 1989.
Founder and Trustee of the National Coalition for Human Rights Defenders in Kenya.
Human Sexuality Collection, Cornell University
More recently the insights related to frequency have been formalized as chance-corrected conditional probabilities, with Informedness (Δp') and Markedness (Δp) corresponding to the different directions of prediction in human association research (binary associations or distinctions) and more generally (including features with more than two distinctions).
Wilhelm von Humboldt: The Diversity of Human Language-Structure and its Influence on the Mental Development of Mankind’, translated by Peter Heath with an introduction by Hans Aarsleff.” Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
The earliest evidence of human settlement in Abattoir Hill is found in two caves dated to the Chalcolithic period in the Yanai Street site.
Immediately thereafter, Hopper starred as an addled short-order cook "Cracker" in the Neil Young/Dean Stockwell low-budget collaboration Human Highway.
Human impact on the island of Saint Helena was severe and the Saint Helena heliotrope is one of several extinct plants from that island (see List of extinct plants).
Its disease spectrum is not well defined, although it is thought by some to be more neurovirulent than Human betaherpesvirus 6B.
However, its concept of human rights has developed radically over the years.
Jon Hadusek of Consequence of Sound said the song had an old-school feel, and called the song I Am Not a Human Being's "finest moment."
This idea directly challenges the Out of Africa model, which claims Homo sapiens evolved recently as a new species in Africa, and then dispersed throughout the Old World, replacing the existing human populations without mixing with them.
This is documented in a 2007 report by EPA Victoria in which levels of Human faecal matter and E. coli were recorded and documented.
: The golden masked leader of the Neo Thera, he is actually a human named , the original R1 and Ishiguro's senpai.
In 2003, DANIDA assisted Sri Lanka with 156 million DKK for demining, human rights and conflict resolutions.
The genomics community was still far from generating a first human genome sequence; he was proposing a data system for mining hundreds of thousands of genomes.
Both countries have cooperated in many initiatives at the United Nations, especially in the field of human rights protection.
Particularly since the 1970s, the international human rights movement has been mediated by nongovernmental organizations (NGOs).
Human remains identified as Paleo-Aleut in age have been recovered from the site, as have stone lamps, stone knives of a type similar to those found at Dorset culture sites, and carved ivory deity images.
Severe forms of elderspeak contribute to discrimination in the workplace, potentially infringing on the basic human right of that individual to a safe work environment.
Zahra' has served as an advisory board member of the Arab Human Development (UNDP) Report on Youth, and as an advisor to the Preparatory Committee of the National Dialogue in Libya.
Rice led the fight to advance LGBT rights at the U.N. Human Rights Council and was recognized for her staunch defense of Israel at the Security Council.
Each ward is considered to be a complete local government, having their own District Councilor, Tehsil Councilor, General Councilors, Peasant Councilors, Women Councilors and Youth Councilors, to represent different communities of human and to struggle for their own benefits.
SUBSEA also studies ocean exploration as an analog to future human spaceflight concepts such as Low Latency Telerobotics.
He later became a stringer from Bangladesh for CNN and a consultant for Human Rights Watch in 2006.
Shabecoff, Philip,(2013) Places: Habitats of a Human Lifetime (Becket Mountain Books) a memoir focused on places in which Mr. Shabecoff has lived and worked.
Based on accurate forensic science, the Body Farm series has helped to increase popular interest in forensic criminal investigations involving the remains of the human body.
Together with other delegations, we have expressed our alarm at the persistent, credible reports of human rights violations by Russian forces in Chechnya, including extrajudicial killings.
Being a human rights activist, the new president decided that March 13 would become the national day of Internet freedom to commemorate the death of Zouhair Yahyaoui.
In addition to the above, the negotiating parties also announced an agreement on security guarantees, aimed at ensuring the safety of social movements, communities, human rights groups, political parties and movements (especially the political movement to be created by the FARC in their reintegration to civilian life).
Lake Manzala served as a significant source of inexpensive fish for human consumption in Egypt, but pollution and lake drainage have reduced the lake's productivity.
 The National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) Human Cell and Data Repository maintains a collection of cell lines to advance the study of neurological disorders.
In Russia, the problem does not seem to exist, likely due to human harvest and local long-term cooling climate trends in the Russian Far East and Wrangel Island.
In 1983 Itzkoff's published The Form of Man: The Evolutionary Origins of Human Intelligence (Paideia Publishers).
In 2018, the ownership has moved to National Human Rights Museum which establish in the same year, and changed the name of the site to its current name Green Island White Terror Memorial Park.
Although there was sometimes acrimonious debate between the constructivist and realist "camps" within environmental sociology in the 1990s, the two sides have found considerable common ground as both increasingly accept that while most environmental problems have a material reality they nonetheless become known only via human processes such as scientific knowledge, activists' efforts, and media attention.
It describes a necessity to work towards authentic community in order to promote human dignity.
The curtailment of technological activity has caused them to approach the planet's surface and attack human beings, on whose fear they are apparently able to feed.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture, timber extraction, charcoal manufacturing, invasive eucalyptus, livestock grazing and expanding human settlement and possibly by stream pollution.
These culminate in the Riondama, a game of draughts played with human pieces in costume;
The region is under heavy ecological pressure from human development.
Kathleen Barry, co-founder of  the United Nations NGO, the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women (CATW), prompted international awareness of human sex trafficking in her 1979 book Female Sexual Slavery.
The Life was scored by Gareth Williams, a composer for Human Worldwide.
She also advocates building on Western ideals and institutions, with reform pursued slowly and cautiously and accepting that human failings mean that perfection is unattainable.
Some Sufi writers and poets may have taken human love as a metaphor to define Divine Love but the prominent mystics explain the concept in its entirety and reveal its hardcore reality.
(Hoboken, NJ: Wiley, 2016): 1103-19; and a chapter on "Evolved Human Sociality and Literature” in Handbook on Evolution and Society: Toward an Evolutionary Social Science, edited by Jonathan H. Turner, Richard Machalek, and Alexandra Maryanski (Boulder, CO: Paradigm, 2015): 572-608.
Appeared in corporeal form by taking possession of the body of human Cecilia Lawrence.
Just before the Cape Town conference, respected human rights activist Zackie Achmat called for Limmud to withdraw their invitation to Lt Cnl David Benjamin, accusing him of orchestrating war crimes in Israel's war on Gaza in early 2009 during Operation Cast Lead.
It covers research in ethology, behavioral ecology, animal behavior, cognitive sciences, and all aspects of human and animal cognition.
"...there are human beings involved.
After graduation, he developed series of works addressing the human condition.
Jen attended National Taiwan Normal University and graduated in 2011 with a bachelor's degree in home economics, human development and family studies.
Its main purpose is to enhance human capital development and talent management across the Asian financial services industry.
“Economics as an Imperialist Social Science,” Human Relations, 46(9): 1035-1052.
Daysh supported many community projects which were examples of human ecology and sustainability: community-based reafforestation in India, urban market gardens for women in Sierra Leone, reconstruction after a tsunami in Sri Lanka, and micro-banks to support women's businesses in Africa to name a few.
A few years later, in 1941, Freiman shared an optimistic view on the implications of the war for Judaism, stating that as the Balfour Declaration was a result of the First World War so the new war would "reinstate us in our human value and rehabilitate us as individuals and as a people."
Moreover, locally bound cohesin was shown to inhibit establishment of transcriptional memory in human cells during interferon gamma stimulation.
However, more correctly, innatism refers to the philosophy of Plato and Descartes, who assumed that God or a similar being or process placed innate ideas and principles in the human mind.
The ACL was led by Irving Himel, and in response to the bill, he gathered human rights leaders in Toronto, including Pierre Berton, June Callwood,  Bora Laskin, Mark MacGuigan, Harry Arthurs, and John Keiller MacKay, and they formed the CCLA with Mackay as its honorary president.
In 2011, his book “Parshiyot v’Mishpatim.” a collection of some of his articles, including chapters on human rights, criminal law and civil law and their relation to Jewish law, was published.
Reporters Without Borders issued a statement on 3 May, emphasizing his work for human rights; Emmanuel Colombie, head of the organization's Latin America branch, said: ″This latest murder is a reminder of how dangerous it is to practice journalism in Mexico″.
Ord possesses strength much greater than that of a human and is also capable of flight.
The Convention on the Rights of the Child, the most widely ratified human rights treaty in history, includes four articles that are particularly relevant to children involved in or affected by forced displacement:
He was the member of the Human Rights Committee and European Integration Committee in his first term.
Human nature being what it is, exonyms are liable to be pejorative rather than complimentary, especially where there is a real or fancied difference in cultural level between the ingroup and outgroup.
Possessing a woodcutter's doll that belongs to an outcast boy named Alois, Banbora takes advantage of the boy's grudge against the people of his village for murdering his father when he attempted to expose their village's dark secret of performing human sacrifices for good fortune.
In human anatomy, juncturae tendinum or connexus intertendinei refers to the connective tissues that link the tendons of the extensor digitorum communis, and sometimes, to the tendon of the extensor digiti minimi.
The music video, directed by Michael Salomon, takes place at a natural history museum in the "Hall of Human Behavior".
Kılıçdaroğlu criticized the European Court of Human Rights for rejecting a petition from a Turkish teacher who applied to the ECHR claiming that he was wrongly dismissed from his position during the 2016-17 Turkish purges.
Based in Strasbourg, it is an organisation dealing with democracy and human rights issues (today covering nearly every European state).
Indeed, in many countries of the world today, religious persecution is a Human Rights problem.
At 5:15 the Partisans launched another attack on the divisional headquarters, but were repelled again; at 7:00 another Partisan group attacked the headquarters of the 5th Alpine Artillery Regiment, using captured Italians as human shields, but were likewise forced to retreat, abandoning the prisoners they had captured.
"A favor for a fellow human being, no matter how archaic we may deem his beliefs.
 United Nations: Human Development Index 2006, ranked 58 out of 177 countries
The Counter-Terrorism International unit also manage their own informants via the Covert Human Intelligence Sources (CHIS) system, administered by Garda HQ.
The evolutionary theory of nationalism perceives nationalism to be the result of the evolution of human beings into identifying with groups, such as ethnic groups, or other groups that form the foundation of a nation.
In a 19th-century sequel, Alfred Russel Wallace in an 1867 book review pointed to the Pacific Islanders as posing a problem for those holding both to monogenism and a recent date for human origins.
Despite a long history of human uses and its close proximity to the city of Corpus Christi, the reserve is relatively rural and pristine.
At the beginning of the 20th century Enrique de Eguren discovered in the outskirts of Oquina a dolmenic tumulus, after finding nearby the remains of human skeletons, pieces of ceramics and arrowtips.
However, typica are not as well camouflaged against foliose lichens common on tree trunks; though they are camouflaged in human wavelengths, in ultraviolet wavelengths, foliose lichens do not reflect ultraviolet light.
"The more we learn about asteroid impacts, the clearer it became that the human race has been living on borrowed time," remarked Brian May.
Although many of the images dealing with metaphysical questions do not feature figures, a human presence is nevertheless suggested.
However amalgam after being placed safely, evidence does suggest the exposure to mercury is at a level non harmful and safe to the human body.
The average color of this light to the human eye is red-orange due to many lines in this range; it also contains a strong green line, which is hidden, unless the visual components are dispersed by a spectroscope.
This child carried a mutation of the original pathogen, permitting him to alternate between human and werewolf form.
Chein regarded the human being as "an active, responsible agent, not simply a helpless, powerless reagent."
Many independent human rights and freedom of speech organizations have noted that the harassment of a blogger did not meet UN democratic standards.
Debitel subsequently consolidated the administration of the merged companies and downsized human resources leading to the loss of 700 jobs at Talkline and the announcement that Talkline operations would close entirely by 2010.
In an interview with AnOther Magazine Northover commented on his character in the film, saying "It's his personal demons that keep his conscience at a safe distance and eventually it's his human weaknesses that get the better of him."
The wheels can be driven via belt, chain or shaft and can be powered by human, electricity, fossil fuel or a combination of the three.
Late September 2020, the United Nations human rights experts urged Nigerian authorities to release singer Yahaya Sharif-Aminu, who was convicted and sentenced to death over an allegedly blasphemous song.
In other cases of decapitation it seems possible that it was evidence of human sacrifice or execution.
According to human rights activist Svetlana Gannushkina, he had to flee after Chechnya's Deputy Interior Minister Apti Alaudinov personally threatened to kill him.
And finally, it contains nutrients that feed on microbes that have a good effect on the human body and enterobacteria, and prepare the intestinal environment.
The Attached image illustrate important transcription binding factors in the promoter region for human CCDC42B .
She worked in wood, bronze and clay, producing realistic and abstract human figures.
A patient in a terminal condition with nothing to lose was needed as a human volunteer, and Constable Alexander met this requirement.
Since then Informa has expanded considerably, including a 2004 merger with the publishing company Taylor & Francis and a 2005 acquisition of IIR Holdings, a human capital development company, for £768 million.
The Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission (MSHRC) was constituted on 6 March 2001 with the appointment of Justice Arvind Sawant from Bombay High Court  as the first Chairperson along with Dr.Vijay Chitnis and  Shri.
They based their opposition to the novel on its depicting benevolent witches and promoting the belief that integral human attributes were "individually developed rather than God-given".
The Istanbul Protocol was submitted to the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights on 9 August 1999.
Ren is the archetypal human race.
Naming Ceremonies existed in human culture long before Christianity or any of the major religions came on the scene.
Gladia's homeworld and the 50th-established of the Spacer planets, Solaria,  has become empty of all human inhabitants, although millions of robot servants remain.
On April 9, the facility opened 47 beds for coronavirus patients who had been released from a hospital as part of an Oregon Department of Human Services contract through the state.
By reading a large collection of existing works of classical music (written by human composers such as Bach, Beethoven, Mozart) AIVA is capable of detecting regularities in music and on this base composing on its own.
Non-native species have many vectors, including biogenic vectors, but most invasions are associated with human activity.
Results of an international research collaboration allow the proposal that Homo neanderthalensis children had a faster rate of dental development than modern human children as well as other aspects of physical development were likely to be more rapid in juvenile Neanderthals, such as a quicker onset of sexual maturity and different and faster patterns of early  cognitive development.
The human rights organisation promoted women's access to legal services and defended children's and women's rights.
In 2015, Cobb was a founding board member of the Institute for Ecological Civilization (EcoCiv), a non-profit organization which seeks to enact "a fully sustainable human society in harmony with surrounding ecosystems and communities of life."
Wolves appear capable of escaping competitive exclusion from tigers only when human pressure decreases tiger numbers.
It feels like something to be a human brain.
The park has been identified as being one of only areas throughout coastal NSW where dingoes and quolls have not been displaced by human developments.
The patient's sickness was first attributed to Bartonella bacilliformis, a known related species with a similar appearance under a microscope that is spread by sand flies and infects 10% of the human population in some regions of Peru with Oroya fever.
During his 14th year in power, King Sejong instructed his scholars at the Hall of Worthies to compile outstanding examples of the fundamental principles in human relationships (filial piety, loyalty to the state, and wifely devotion) from both Korean and Chinese history.
2005 At the 33rd UNESCO General Conference, Member States adopt the Convention on the Protection and Promotion of the Diversity of Cultural Expressions, the International Convention against Doping in Sport and the Universal Declaration on Bioethics and Human Rights.
2006 extracted DNA from human remains that were exhumed from historic burial sites in Al-Andalus, Spain (between 12th-13th century).
Anthropocene: The Human Epoch is Baichwal's third collaboration with Burtynsky.
From 2010 onwards, Curtis made progress in providing the theoretical framework for human reactions to excrement, which causes the emotion of disgust worldwide.
Alex disappears from the series canon thereafter while Roger's story is expanded in Tekken 5, in which he is not playable but appears in the game's cinematic sequences, where he, now renamed as  is shown to be married with a son named Roger Jr., who is a kangaroo with human attributes like his father.
The Auckland District Maori Council, in their submission to the Human Rights Commission (1979) investigating the mock haka, included one recorded chant:Ka Mate!
In this section, the poet briefly discusses the zodiac signs, the Olympian gods who serve as their protectors, and the relationship between the signs and the parts of the human body.
Isaac is remembered for his spiritual homilies on the inner life, which have a human breadth and theological depth that transcends the Nestorian Christianity of the Church to which he belonged.
He had grown up with a disabled father who was not commonly accepted as a normal human being.
Cannibalism per se is the ingestion of human flesh.
Some Subterrans have recently tunneled up to the surface and have discovered that they like the taste of human flesh, making an invasion imminent.
including injured wildlife such as insects and other small invertebrates, small reptiles, small mammals, young birds and eggs, grain, peanuts, carrion and any scraps of human food and fruit.
In 2005, she attempted to introduce an amendment to Serbia's information law to ban the registration of media outlets that, in her words, "report[ed] notorious lies by pathological liar Nataša Kandić," a Serbian human rights activist and vocal opponent of Serbian nationalism.
Critchley was a handsome and impressive figure, a superb speaker and a lifelong student of the human mind.
The NYNJERC was founded by Irving J. Selikoff, MD, a renowned pulmonary physician and pioneer in Occupational and Environmental Medicine (OEM) who made seminal discoveries pertaining to the human carcinogenicity of asbestos and was centrally involved in creation of both the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA).
In a positive review for San Francisco Chronicle, David Wiegand wrote, "there is plenty of action and violence in the first half of the season, but what will empower the show's longevity is its metaphysical theme, the exploration of the meaning and definition of human existence."
Rights of Animals: An Appeal to Human Beings (1951)
Morten Levin, who is  Jewish, is also a critic of Israel, and was one of the initiators of a petition that NTNU boycott Israel because he meant that "since 1948 the state of Israel has occupied Palestinian land and denied the Palestinians basic human rights".
Nikolay Alexeyev told journalists that the case will be appealed up to Supreme Court and to the European Court of Human Rights.
This includes the protection of persons who have Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) or who are infected with Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and any person who associates with them.
Saudi Arabia has restricted many prominent human rights activists, clerics and royal family members from contacting their family or lawyer, raising concern over their safety and wellbeing.
Like all member states of the Council of Europe, a judge from Azerbaijan is presented in the European Court of Human Rights.
In Ghostbusters terminology from West End Games' role-playing game, Vigo would be a Class 4 Full-Torso Apparition, as he was human in appearance and identified easily.
The Government of Colombia is making efforts to fight child prostitution, forced prostitution, sexual slavery and human trafficking.
The movement has been praised as providing "superior alternatives" to insurance that "reinvigorate human capital, emphasize personal
Mycopathologia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers the role of fungi in human and animal disease, i.e., medical and veterinary mycology.
The men's floorball tournament at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games was held at the University of the Philippines College of Human Kinetics Gymnasium in Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines from 25 November to 1 December 2019.
Kathmandu International Study Centre (KISC) Education Quality Improvement Programme (EQUIP) is a project of Human Development and Community Services (HDCS), a Nepali Non-Governmental Organization.
The Act also led to a new approach towards parent-child relations, encouraging the newly established Children’s Departments ‘to view children as individual human beings with both shared and individualised needs, rather than an indistinct mass.”
In November 1996, the League for Human Rights of B'nai Brith Canada officially requested that the Executive Committee of the Montreal Urban Community (M.U.C.)
"The album art portrays the Divine Feminine in her human form.
This thorough rewriting of the current law dating from 2005 proposed to remove all three foreign members from the Electoral Complaints Commission: one member would be chosen by the Supreme Court, two by the parliament, one by the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission and one by the president.
Sen. Jose W. Diokno, Founder of the Free Legal Assistance Group (FLAG), Founding Chairman of the Commission on Human Rights (CHR), former senator, and Chief prosecutor of the Harry Stonehill case
The average electrical responses to diffuse and to patterned light in the human.
Public policy advocates expressed concern about the impact on human services.
Their PBS documentary Wolves in Paradise, about the human costs and benefits of the reintroduction of wolves in the Yellowstone region, won a CINE Golden Eagle award.
In response to a question on whether the Third Army's rapid offensive across France should be slowed to reduce the number of U.S. casualties, Patton replied, "Whenever you slow anything down, you waste human lives."
The difference between bacterial magnetosomes and human magnetosomes appears to be the number of magnetite particles synthesized per cell, the clustering of those particles within each respective organism, and the purpose of each magnetosome.
Thomas Aquinas argued that statements about God are analogous to human experience because of the causal relationship between God and creatures.
The rock carvings found in various places in Gilgit-Baltistan, especially those found in the Passu village of Hunza, suggest a human presence since 2000 BC.
 Doors in the Walls of the World (2018) — Signs of Transcendence in the Human Story
In the coming decades, flooding is likely to increase, yet summers are likely to become increasingly hot and dry, which would reduce yields of some crops, require farmers to use more water, and amplify some risks to human health".
The same year, he was awarded the Atatürk Peace Award by Turkey; he at first refused the award, citing human rights violations committed by Turkey at the time, but later accepted the award in 1999.
The Law Enforcement Bureau oversees the patrol, criminal investigation, and emergency management divisions, and the Administrative Bureau oversees judicial services, staff, finance, human resources (recruiting), and information services, as well as special projects personnel.
During the First Quarter Storm and after the President's subsequent declaration of Martial Law in the country, violations of human rights were rampant, especially against student activists.
The series follows the adventures of Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada), a human boy, and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio), a dog with magical powers that allow him to change shape and grow and shrink at will.
The goddess of victory, Nike, was also popular in Dura-Europos, especially with the military, who viewed her as "an active divine force influencing human affairs and bringing military success.
Wang Quanzhang (, born 15 February 1976) is a Chinese human rights lawyer from Wulian County, Shandong.
Human Nature, with Mark Cain, Cambridge University Press, 2012.
If there is no toilet at the bothy bury human waste out of sight and well away from the water supply; never use the vicinity of the bothy as a toilet.
Players may choose to race against AI drivers offline or against human players online.
In Philippine mythology, Ekek (or Ek Ek) are bird-like human creatures.
His research spans "software engineering, human computer interaction, cognitive and social science, with recent interests in scenario based design, methods for requirements engineering, analysis and modelling complex socio technical systems, visualisation and creative design."
 My father's side of Home, Human Resources, Los Angeles, CA
FCAM provides money, capacity building, and opportunities for the defence and promotion of human rights.
With their human family they are very emotional.
This expansive, cinematic and hugely personal collection of songs represents some of Bardi Johannsson’s finest work to date and runs the gamut of human emotion - here you will hear Bardi’s darkest lyrics, but also his most heartwarming.
Reproduction:  The late Ahmed Shafik, for testing the effects of wearing polyester, cotton, or wool trousers on the sex life of rats, and for then conducting similar tests on the human male.
Hygiene was a selling point, with the sandwiches advertised as "untouched by human hands".
Muslim and Palestinian organizations and their supporters filed a complaint about the editorial to the Alberta Human Rights and Citizenship Commission.
A 23-year study in a Human Sexuality class investigated gender differences in men and women's reactions to their first sexual experience.
He trained himself to emote and speak with his mouth while subduing Zena as he posed as an AIB agent who assumes the human identity of .
More recent work has advocated using cloned human transporter/s.
The stick figure's earliest roots are in prehistoric art - some of the most revealing and informative markers of early human life are cave paintings and petroglyphs, ancient depictions covering a variety of subjects left behind on stone walls.
Although the film was Disney's first to feature non-white human protagonists, Disney did not consider ethnicity in the casting process for the musical.
Kif1C transports α5β1-integrins in human cells.
The clinic was part of the nationwide community health movement, as conceived by the Medical Committee for Human Rights (MCHR).
The loss of continuity in the system as a whole, means that what remains of these rail trackways are now the subject of competition between human power and motorised rapid transit solutions.
A statement by Warp Record Label said: "This is an untimely, tragic loss and we will miss Trish dearly - a unique voice, an extraordinary talent and a beautiful human being.
The Prosecutor General's office stated that under the constitution a judge can be arrested only with the consent of the Supreme Court, and the Maldivian Supreme Court, Prosecutor General and Judicial Services Commission (JSC), as well as the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, all declared the arrest illegal and called for Mohamed's release.
 20 — The United States Congress passes a resolution condemning all violations of internationally recognized human rights norms based on the real or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity of an individual.
Supported by the NCBI, The Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) is a database that catalogues all the known diseases with a genetic component, and predicts their relationship to relevant genes in the human genome and provides references for further research and tools for genomic analysis of a catalogued gene.
They deserve a new policy on foot pursuits that is informed by community voices and driven by community needs - and one that actually results in changes in how police officers treat human beings."
For her time in the human world, Astral takes the place of a foreign exchange student named Winston who is sent to Athenia in her place.
The films uses Isaac Asimov's "Three Laws of Robotics", first proposed by him in his 1942 short story Runaround, and describes how human beings have in recent years ignored them.
Fa Hai believes that a demon is always a demon and can never become good and belongs not in the human world hence his dogged pursuit.
In 1991, in Czechoslovakia the criminal code was amended with w § 260 which banned propaganda of movements which restricted human rights and freedoms, citing Nazism and communism.
Rebecca "Beka" B. Valentine, played by Lisa Ryder, is human but has never lived on a planet, having been (most likely) born on the salvage ship Eureka Maru which had been built by her drug-addict, cargo-running father, Ignatius Valentine and his friend and business partner, Sid Barry.
ISEC’s concern for the social and economic welfare of the poor and disadvantaged groups reflects strongly in the large number of studies it has undertaken to understand the various dimensions of poverty and human development.
A 2020 report by UN Human Rights Council for the first time directly laid responsibility on Russian Air Force of indiscriminate attacks on civilian targets "amounting to a war crime".
This would mean that the leaders of the Church, acting with extreme imprudence, had condemned thousands of innocent human acts, forbidding, under pain of eternal damnation, a practice which would now be sanctioned.
Since 2012, GAATW publishes the Anti-Trafficking Review - the first open access, peer-reviewed journal dedicated specifically to human trafficking.
As such, sex workers’ rights are also human rights.
Additionally, human space travelers are often not well hydrated, have a 10–15% decrease in intravascular fluid (plasma) volume, and may lose both their  preflight muscular and cardiovascular fitness levels as well as their thermoregulatory capabilities.
In 2016, Tencent was awarded a score of zero out of 100 in an Amnesty International report ranking technology companies on the way they implement encryption to protect the human rights of their users.
The core of the Leont'ev's work is the proposal that we can examine human processes from the perspective of three different levels of analysis.
This negative association between human fertility and socio-economic development has been “one of the most solidly established and generally accepted empirical regularities in the social sciences”.
The scholar Sadiq Isfahani of Jaunpur compiled an atlas of the parts of the world which he held to be 'suitable for human life'.
Also in 2004, the Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions (COHRE) filed a petition before the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights against both Guatemala and the States composing the directorial boards of the banks involved in the Chixoy Dam project.
Altair VI is one such world, and Holman is determined to terraform this alien planet into one where the human race can survive.
It has the appearance of a tiny, living human doll, up to 12 cm in length.
Over several weeks, O'Brien tortures Winston to cure him of his "insanity", in particular his "false" notion that there exists a past and an external, self-evident reality independent of the Party; O'Brien explains that reality only exists within the human mind, and since the Party controls everyone's mind, it therefore controls reality.
Indirect evidence supporting Jaynes's theory that hallucinations once played an important role in human mentality can be found in the recent book Muses, Madmen, and Prophets: Rethinking the History, Science, and Meaning of Auditory Hallucination by Daniel Smith.
In more recent human history, an array of Jewish communities were established by Jewish settlers in various places around the Old World, often at great distances from one another, resulting in significant and often long-term isolation from each other.
can also be exposed while in human form by their fear and hatred of dogs, and some become so rattled by their presence that they revert to the form of a fox and flee.
He can turn parts of his body to liquid while retaining the rest of his human form, allowing him to slip from a foe's grasp or have projectiles like bullets harmlessly pass through him.
  1976   – Smriti Irani, Indian actress, producer and politician, Indian Minister of Human Resource Development
Human Rights Watch, for instance, has argued that "the extraordinary rate of incarceration in the United States wreaks havoc on individuals, families and communities, and saps the strength of the nation as a whole."
The notion comes from 20th century Russian avant-garde artist Kazimir Malevich, for whom "architecton" meant the home of future human being.
On May 1, 1965, geologist Qian Fang recovered two archaic human upper first incisors (catalogue number V1519) from fossiliferous deposits of the Yuanmou Basin near Shangnabang village, Yuanmou County, Yunnan Province, China.
Christ is seated on a throne in the center, surrounded by a lion, a bull, an eagle in flight, and a human face, which in turn surrounded by twenty-eight seated wise men, who will make the Last Judgement.
Since autumn 2009 Angelika Werthmann has been part of the "'High-level contact group for Relations with the Turkish Cypriot Community in the Northern Part of the Island' (CYTR)"  and supports the efforts made by the committee for missing persons towards, among others, the perception of human rights such as religious freedom in Cyprus.
She participated in a concert to commemorate astronaut Yuri Gagarin's achievement of being the first human to go into space the following year.
The internet has become a normal part of life and business, to such a degree that the United Nations views it as a basic human right.
Georgetown has been the site of human habitation since at least 9,000 BC, and possibly considerably before that.
He focuses on Rousseau's ideas of attaining human happiness and how we can live in 'modern' times.
His second work was the completion of his brother's four-volume set of "The Anatomy of the Human Body" in 1803.
On 15 April 2005, a human rights lawyer filed a criminal complaint against Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio (now Pope Francis), accusing him of conspiring with the junta in 1976 to kidnap two Jesuit priests.
I am a human poet, that's all."
In short, as the role of human resources departments expanded in complexity, HR technology systems evolved to fit these needs.
In 2020, PCA's Committee Report on Human Sexuality concluded that it is generally unwise for Christians to identify themselves as gay Christian even if they abstain from homosexual activities due to homoerotic desires being sinful in nature.
Not only do biographies suggest that things as difficult as human lives can – for all their obvious complexity – be summed up, known, comprehended: they reassure us that, while we are reading, a world will be created in which there are few or no unclear motives, muddled decisions, or (indeed) loose ends.'
The snake deity is called "U Thlen" (lit: Python or large serpent) and it is said to demand human sacrifice from his worshippers.
Testimony to Human Rights Watch indicates the modus operandi of the militants was similar in other towns populated by Muslim residents; a further eight Muslim residents disappeared from the village of Tabalo after the assailants had the locals gather and walk to Kasiguncu township.
That year, the Greek government nominated the European Court of Human Rights for the Nobel Peace Prize.
The streets of Florence gave us the Renaissance and the streets of Birmingham gave us the Industrial Revolution", concluding: "wandering these cities ... is to study nothing less than human progress."
In 2019, for her eighth studio album, Hurts 2B Human (2019), he co-wrote "(Hey Why) Miss You Sometime".
Turochamp is capable of playing an entire chess game against a human player at a low level of play by calculating all potential moves and all potential player moves in response, as well as some further moves it deems considerable.
The Swedish government tried to stop the match between Chile and Sweden in 1975 in Båstad, due to violations of human rights in Chile.
Nearly everything that encloses space on a scale sufficient for a human being to move in is a building; the term architecture applies only to buildings designed with a view to aesthetic appeal."
In 1986, she attended and co-sponsored a conference on modern human origins at the School of American Research, Santa Fe.
Use of religious attribution stems from basic motivational themes that underlie much religious thinking and behavior—the human need for meaning, control and esteem.
He began forming his critique of the quantitative, statistical and theoretical status quo within the field of Human Geography.
In 2019, Christiano and colleagues developed a "hair farm", using a 3D-printed scaffold as a microenvironment to grow human skin cells and produce hair.
The first concerns the process of globalization, in all its forms: worldwide communications, transnational corporations, systemic impacts of human activity on the natural environment, unprecedented immigration, dramatic improvements in transportation and communication technologies, and international organizations.
After the retirement of the Space Shuttle in 2011, Soyuz was the only way for human spaceflight to the International Space Station (ISS) until 30 May 2020, when Crew Dragon flew to the ISS for the first time with astronauts.
A high-relief sculpture of a human figure supporting the universe seen from the back from head to hip.
All the snoRNAs in these clusters are intron encoded and are processed from the tissue-specific non-coding human MEG8 RNA, which lies downstream of the imprinted genes DLK1 and GTL2.
The T.I.M.M.-E. Company, Inc. is the publisher of We Are All The Same Inside and has developed an early childhood human diversity school curriculum with tolerance-teaching dolls featured in Bellavia's children's picture books.
As a commentator, St. Plite primarily covered human rights and politics.
On 19 February 2018, Angello shared snippets of his album through Instagram which featured him listening to a cassette tape, with the tape marked "STEVE ANGELLO | HUMAN 2018".
Likewise, the elimination of the data preparation stage decreases the errors created by human processing.
As this technique depends on human eyes, it is less reliable than the blood typing based on waveguide-mode sensors.
Above Tityus is a vulture that is the about the size of a human.
She is co-editor of Anti-Impunity and the Human Rights Agenda (Cambridge University Press, 2016) and After Identity: A Reader in Law and Culture (Routledge, 1995).
At the time of Emperor Fu Xi, heaven and human were first divided.
Xing Zi Ming Chu (), translated as Human Nature Is Brought Forth by Decree or The Inborn-Nature Comes from the Mandate, is a Warring States period (ca.
His goal, he stated in essays such as "Variant, Dialect, and Region" for the journal New York Folklore with which he was associated for many years, was of achieving a geography of tradition that could lead to a geography of the human mind.
Assassinated in 2006 for being a government critic and an active campaigner against Human Rights violations in the Philippines.
Most of the paintings, in red, green, and black, are to be found on the rear wall of the burial chamber within the tomb and include concentric circles, human figures, boats, birds, horses, and a building.
Cooperation and Supporting the human Resources development training for the hotels & tourism industry and promotion the hotels & tourism sectors.
 Sp1 transcription factor, a human protein
Amnesty International argued that human rights were the basis for the security of all, not a barrier to it.
Speaking of the Red Terror, Martov said: "The beast has licked hot human blood.
 9 September – Sunila Abeysekera, human rights activist (b.
A benefit show to commemorate the 20th anniversary of human rights organisation Amnesty International, the latter was conceived by British producer Martin Lewis and was the first-ever rock concert held at the abbey.
Unlike the teen sidekicks that preceded him, the Human Torch in the early stories was "a typical adolescent — brash, rebellious, and affectionately obnoxious."
Child support enforcement in the United States at the Federal level is the responsibility of the Administration for Children and Families in the Department of Health and Human Services.
On Thursday, 27 October, the UK and French governments were condemned by aid workers from groups such as Help Refugees and Save the Children for not respecting the human rights of children.
A later version of the song emerged during the Cold War, in which the final verse made references to the "atom bomb" and "H-bomb", and the subsequent destruction of the human race.
The system then highlights the place on the video where the possible theft had occurred, so that a human need only review a short segment.
W. Barry Garrett wrote in the Baptist Press, "Religious liberty, human equality and justice are advanced by the [Roe v. Wade] Supreme Court Decision."
Its Centre for Intelligence-Led Prevention collects and analyses data on human trafficking patterns from across the globe.
Endgame is an expression of existential angst and despair and depicts Beckett’s philosophical worldview, namely the extreme futility of human life and the inescapable dissatisfaction and decay intrinsic to it.
In the year 4001, an interstellar acting troupe of six aliens are trying to fly to their next performance, as they are doing so, they accidentally crash into another spaceship over the planet Anika and lead to the death of a human couple.
Michel Foucault was a post-structuralist who saw human existence as being dependent on forms of knowledge – discourses – that work like languages.
In September 2019, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) granted an accelerated assessment to Janssen for Ad26.ZEBOV and MVA-BN-Filo, and in November 2019, Janssen submitted a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) to the EMA for approval of Ad26.ZEBOV and MVA-BN-Filo.
Primary sources of seismic waves include human activities (such as transportation or industrial activities), winds and other atmospheric phenomena, rivers, and ocean waves.
In contrast to other human cell types, lymphocytes B and T are very dependent on this process.
As a consequence, Norwood stated in an interview with Rap-Up magazine that she wanted Timbaland to be heavily involved in the next album, along with frequent collaborator Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, who had executively produced Human, expressing her wish of both musicians executive producing her next project together."
These were ritual specialists, easily identifiable by facial scarifications or ichi, who traveled with ritual staffs of peace in order to purify the earth from human crimes.
highlighting yet another role of LONP1 in human embryonic/fetal development.
The low population density in the regions near the Dinira National Park and the absence of human communities within the park have definitely helped Dinira is an area with well-preserved ecosystems.
In it she said "It is with profound sadness that we in Finland have received the news of the fatal bomb explosions in London, in which precious human lives were lost and many seriously injured".
In Orthodox Judaism, committing a sin in order to fulfill a mitzvah other than saving a human life (Pikuach Nefesh) is not considered Halachically acceptable, and if one cannot reach a synagogue by walking, it is preferable to pray at home.
The spike-and-wave discharges seen in feline generalized penicillin epilepsy (FGPE) are very similar to the spike-and-wave discharges of a human absence seizure.
The fishes are fed with kitchen waste supplemented by animal and human waste.
Mesfin Woldemariam (Ge'ez: መስፍን ወልደ ማርያም; 23 April 1930 – 29 September 2020)  was an Ethiopian academic and human rights activist.
 1543 – Vesalius: pioneering research into human anatomy
Celeita attributes the beginning of her activism in human rights to the 1985 Palace of Justice siege, in which M-19 guerrillas took the Supreme Court of Justice of Colombia hostage, killing 11 of its 25 justices.
Under her leadership, CMST specializes in underwater acoustics, sound measurement and modelling, marine soundscapes, passive acoustic monitoring of marine fauna and human activities, and the effects of underwater noise.
As a natural-born Atlantean, Mera is prone to dehydration at a faster rate compared to ordinary human beings while on the surface.
IHDP was initiated as the Human Dimensions Programme (HDP) in 1990 by the International Social Science Council (ISSC).
Bizimungu was later imprisoned for corruption and inciting ethnic violence, charges that human rights groups described as politically motivated.
This is important for multiple reasons such as the fact that there is some scientific evidence that if a probiotic grows in the human mouth naturally it could accelerate tooth decay.
This centre has facilitated disseminating  Punjabi's publications, organizing public lectures, discussions and debates to promote the cause of human rights, peace and religious harmony and inter faith dialogue.
#1-3 and The Human Powerhouse #1.
The lyrics were not written to make up a concept album but are in natural harmony and mirror the human inner world through personal impressions.
Although al-Nafis was the first documented physician to have an interest in biochemical concepts, the first controlled experiments in human metabolism were published by Santorio Santorio in 1614 in his book Ars de statica medecina.
Red Goblin targets Harry Osborn, Emily, Liz, and Mark; proving immune to Carnage's traditional weaknesses of Human Torch's fire and Clash's sound devices.
23 July – Paulette Wilson, human rights activist (b.
In 1992 Schmid was Associate Professor of International Relations at Leiden University, and a senior research fellow at the Center for the Study of Social Conflicts, and research director at the PIOOM Foundation (Interdisciplinary Research Programme on Root Causes of Human Rights Violations, 1988–2001).
18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion... and freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance.
About the societal discontent born of malaise and hedonism, Pope Benedict XVI said in 2008 that the philosophy of materialism offers no purpose for human existence, and in 2011 specifically attacked the commercialization of Christmas; likewise, the writer Georges Duhamel said that "American materialism [is] a beacon of mediocrity that threatened to eclipse French civilization".
Eating the meat hypnotizes people so they continue eating more and more, like an obsession, making the human (and monkey) body complacent to its power.
French computer scientist, Joëlle Coutaz develops the Presentation-abstraction-control model for human computer interactions.
Her work differs from that of the Linares in that many of her designs include human contours and many with expressions more tender than terrifying.
He added "we demean ourselves as human beings if at a convenient point of time we overlook the track record of these people".
He was sometimes shown in the form of a hawk, but with a human head.
His earlier work celebrates societal human conditions as depicted in monument-like groupings of figures interacting with and through various angled planes.
They can also be found in the liver of cattle and rats, as well as in human blood; either in free form or in triglycerides or esterified to cholesterol.
Hepatitis A virus H2 strain is produced in human diploid cells.
It is a member of Hong Kong Investment Funds Association, the Investment Company Institute (ICI Global), Chinese Asset Management Association of Hong Kong,  Chinese Securities Association of Hong Kong and Hong Kong Institute of Human Resource Management.
The dorsal body cavity is located along the dorsal (posterior) surface of the human body, where it is subdivided into the cranial cavity housing the brain and the spinal cavity housing the spinal cord.
There's red meat in this music, and a human pulse beat.
Informed by the Marxist critique of capitalism, they explore their respective subjects in systemic terms while emphasizing human class-consciousness and agency.
The human homologue of yeast Rad23A is one example of a nucleotide excision-repair protein that contains both an internal and a C-terminal UBA domain.
These pathways are not specific to HSV; treatment with Ezh1/2 inhibitors reduced infection of multiple viral pathogens, including human cytomegalovirus, adenovirus, and Zika virus.
The story follows her journey from her small town to the Black Sea, where she becomes a victim of human trafficking.
Human Frames is curated by Silke Schmickl, Masayo Kajimura, Victric Thng, François Michaud and Stéphane Gérard.
Instead, the human mind imputes causation to phenomena after repeatedly observing a connection between two objects.
She continually stressed that self-awareness was a part of becoming a better, stronger, richer human being.
The aim is "to generate expressive images that effectively convey certain information via the visual channel to the human observer".
Generally, water from great depths has a high concentration of substances that may be harmful to human beings, and its pH may not be suitable for bathing.
The AllMusic review by  David R. Adler said "It's no easy task following up a brilliant debut like Soundtrack to Human Motion, but pianist Jason Moran does admirably well with this effort".
The issue worried many international museum associations because it made them fear that human remains kept in museums might have to be returned to their place of origin.
Knacks are powers that differentiate adventurers and villains from normal human beings.
Meanwhile, after an incident in which he nearly chokes a homeless man (Ian "Molly" Meldrum) in anger, for throwing away a used cigarette, Max realizes Mary is an imperfect human being, like himself, and sends her a package containing his Noblet figurine collection as a sign of forgiveness.
Antisense to LOX-1 inhibits ox-LDL-mediated upregulation of MCP-1 expression and monocyte adhesion to human coronary artery endothelial cells.
Like many other birds in the Bismarck Archipelago, the Bismarck hanging parrot is threatened by deforestation, encroaching human settlement, mining operations, and illegal logging.
Her research revealed that urea could be effectively used in human metabolism to maintain a nitrogen balance.
Sarah Palin, drawing attention to projected impacts on the local environment and human health.
Block is a young Maori woman living in Melbourne, Australia, the woman dubbed the Human Block was once inexplicably struck by lightning and survived the incident.
Aberrance is shut down, and Kilcrop aids Cranius into finding a cure able to give Niko her human self back.
Wignacourt, encased in splendid black and gold Milanese armour, stares upwards and outwards out of the frame in a dignified manner that invites the viewer to gaze upon him in awe, leaving the page, with his look of boyish interest, as the sole thoroughly human presence, and a far more sympathetic one than the self-conscious man of steel.
He also describes the dissection of a corpse in accordance with Galen's beliefs about the human body.
, researchers at University of California, San Diego and California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology were measuring human brain activations related to the uncanny valley.
Historically, human consumption of dog meat has been recorded in many parts of the world.
A study in 1993 compared the mouse NF1 cDNA to the human transcript and found that both the untranslated regions and coding regions were highly conserved.
These and other scientific advances, McGuire writes, provide more exact information about human behavior, which in turn "facilitates a better understanding of which policies and decisions are likely to be effective."
This new body of work addresses technology’s integration and prevalence in the alteration of human life in the modern age.
This urban facilitation model was tested on a human health pest, the Western black widow spider (Latrodectus hesperus).
Type IV oculocutaneous albinism, like other types of human albinism, results in hypopigmentation of the skin and eyes, with increased rates of skin cancer and reduced visual acuity.
She had been in love with a human man who eventually swam away with her and became Mer.
In general, the philosophy revolved around acknowledging the reality of human self-determination and rational thought rather than focusing on traditional ideals of fatalism and virtue raised in Christianity.
Regilme, Salvador Santino F. Jr. (2021) Aid Imperium: United States Foreign Policy and Human Rights in Post-Cold War Southeast Asia.
The Process Church preached the existence of four gods, who were regarded not as literal entities but as inner realities existing within each human personality.
He purposed in the continuation of the labors, to advance the cause of religious truth, Christian morality, and human improvement and happiness.
In Violence Against Children: Making Human Rights Real.
Musical tones produced by the human voice and all acoustical musical instruments incorporate noises in varying degrees.
"Of human accomplishment", Denis Dutton
In April 1998, Marleau said that Canada would consider restoring foreign aid to Burma after ten years of sanctions for human rights abuses.
Hougron's novels are not focused on political subjects, such as on the French Indochina colony and the decolonization movement in South Asia during or after World War II and the beginning of the First Indochina War, but rather on studies of atmosphere, climate, landscape, characters, and human relations.
This facility houses one of the most powerful (and the most powerful at the time of its installation) human research functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) system in the United States.
One major obstacle to conducting the most clinically relevant prostate cancer (PCa) research has been the lack of cell lines that closely mimic human disease progression.
This has led other researchers to study female entrepreneurs with extensive human capital, to identify whether they still face discrimination in their funding search.
He, along with newspaper reporter Raymundo Ruiz, human rights ombudsman Gustavo de la Rosa, and a mistress named "Elena" are four major sources.
Mordaunt Hall of The New York Times called it "a jolly, wholesome and refreshingly human picture", praising David Rollins' acting as "wonderfully natural."
After losing to Human Tornado via disqualification on September 30 at Prelude To A Slaughterhouse, the Heavyweight Title was vacated on October 1.
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS)
Watson was able to explain the aspects of human psychology through the process of classical conditioning.
 Production of Bovine Collagen Intended for Human Consumption in the United Kingdom (Scotland) Regulations 2005 (S.S.I.
In Nazi scandal hits human rights group, Katie Engelhart in Maclean's magazine reported that "For HRW, the timing of the exposé could not be worse.
But "he never intervened to push human rights or stand up to corruption."
In June 2006, Murkowski called for the United States to focus on North Korea's nuclear weapons program ahead of other issues: "While the issues of currency counterfeiting, weapons proliferation, and human rights are all very important, the reality is that without an agreement on the primary source of irritation, there will be no progress on the other issues either."
Under article 265 of the 1999 Constitution, judges may be removed by a two-thirds majority of the National Assembly, if the Attorney General, Comptroller General, and Human Rights Ombudsperson have previously agreed a "serious failure" and suspended the judge accordingly.
Their work explores "virtual and robotic bodies and their relationship to human labour within the gaming, pornographic and tech-industries", and includes pieces in materials as varied as wood, clay, metal, wood cuts, textiles, CGI animation and video.
The second states that lizard density was high prior to human presence and this hypothesis is supported by the lack of predators in their habitat.
The first sensing floor prototypes were developed in the 1990s, mainly for human gait analysis.
From 1989, Melnikova has been active in conducting human rights and educational work in the Union-wide Committee of Soldiers’ Mothers, and later in the Committee of Soldiers’ Mothers of Russia, as press secretary.
Most intellectuals, even if they deny it, realise that most of what was said in the most recent Arab Human Development Report is true.
MRI is, in general, a safe technique, although injuries may occur as a result of failed safety procedures or human error.
The game follows a small pet bird, who is saddened that their unnamed human owner no longer skateboards or is around much due to their new job that they hate.
An array of enemy characters from Half-Life populate the game, including alien lifeforms such as headcrabs and Vortigaunts, as well as human soldiers sent in to contain the alien threat.
When the human serum–base vaccine caused an outbreak of Hepatitis B that infected more than 350,000 U.S. soldiers, two researchers at the laboratory, Dr. Mason Hargett and Harry Burruss, developed an aqueous-base vaccine that combined distilled water with virus grown in chicken eggs.
1997 (edited with Peter Weingart, Peter Richerson, Sabine Maasen): Human by Nature: Between Biology and the Social Sciences, Mahwah, New Jersey: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates.
The intent was to construct a thinking machine, similar to a human nervous system that learned pattern recognition and avoided mistakes (e.g.
Patricia Bell-Scott is an author and professor emerita of women's studies and human development and family science at the University of Georgia.
For Michel Henry, human life is indeed a finite life, because it is marked by a fundamental lack which manifests itself in particular in suffering, in dissatisfaction or in desire.
The U.S. State Department said on 5 March 2007 that, for the second year in a row, the United States has decided not to seek a seat on the Human Rights Council, asserting the body had lost its credibility with repeated attacks on Israel and a failure to confront other rights abusers.
Glare is an impeding bright light which cause temporary impairments to human sight.
In partnership with The Department of Health and Human Services, other government agencies and corporate sponsors, The Skyshapers Foundation developed and executed one of the largest outreach programs ever conducted by the Public Health Service in American schools.
 Luteinizing hormone receptor (LHR) - binds luteinizing hormone (LH) and human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG)
The commission was established in 1976, and disbanded in 2007 when its functions were taken over by the newly created Equality and Human Rights Commission.
A major impulse for the current of dissent later known as the civil or human rights movement came from individuals concerned with literary and cultural freedom.
But the brain was grown oversize and was too large to be in a human skull.
Situated in the South Pacific Ocean, about one-half of the way from Peru to New Zealand, they are one of the most remote sites of human habitation on Earth.
Human development in the Tiger Range Countries (TRC) has left many tiger habitats fragmented.
Front Row Center (1956, Episode: "The Human Touch") as Second Waiter
Tostan takes a holistic, integrated approach to development by facilitating human rights-based, non-formal education programs, most notably the Community Empowerment Program (CEP), which aims to support and empower participants and communities to lead their own development.
Most recently, Dordick has tackled COVID-19 by identifying mechanisms that interfere with SARS-CoV-2 entry into human cells.
She continues to work in activism to promote the civil and human rights of migrants, the LGBT community, and improve racial relationships within society.
His work as a human rights activist, political analyst, journalist, and writer blended with academic teaching and research.
He becomes a member of the Mournival, an informal advisory body to Horus, and participates in Crusade campaigns against anti-Imperial human populations and aliens, referred to in the series as "xenos".
Many of these significant studies were among the first to highlight the deleterious effects of tobacco carcinogens and their damage to human health (e.g., Cancer Res.
Human activity in the area also accounts for a significant amount of pollution, The Pan American Health Organization estimated in 1993 that only about 10% of the sewage from the Central American and Caribbean Island countries is properly treated before being released into the sea.
One human poll comprised the 1945 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings.
The internet exists as a virtual realm holding all human knowledge called Eden.
The bill was referred to the Standing Committee on Human Resource Development.
: The Struggle to Make Human Research Safe, and Designing Babies: How Technology is Changing the Ways We Create Children.
 May 26 & June 2 – Geologist Joseph Prestwich and amateur archaeologist John Evans report (to the Royal Society and Society of Antiquaries of London, respectively) the results of their investigations of gravel-pits in the Somme valley and elsewhere, extending human history back to what will become known as the Paleolithic Era.
As the species depends on the sunlight in open areas for its fertility, human suppression of wildfire leading to the overgrowth of canopy is a threat to its success.
These settlements had an extensive historical record since the Norman conquest; detailed archaeological investigations prior to development revealed evidence of human occupation from the Neolithic age to modern times, including in particular the Milton Keynes Hoard of Bronze Age gold jewellery.
They also participated in a psychedelic album entitled Featuring The Human Host And The Heavy Metal Kids by a collective known as Hapshash and the Coloured Coat, formed by Guy Stevens and an influential British graphic design and avant-garde musical partnership between Michael English and Nigel Waymouth.
CPSA consists of the school of health and human services, school of social and behavioral sciences, and school of business and management.
Materials Science: Metin Eren, Michelle Bebber, James Norris, Alyssa Perrone, Ashley Rutkoski, Michael Wilson, and Mary Ann Raghanti, for showing that knives manufactured from frozen human feces are not effective tools for skinning or butchery.
The Human Situation: A Feminine View
From an in-depth perspective, Chinese geomantic culture does not emphasize the concept that god bless you, but it values the use of human factors, namely to change the environment to achieve physical health, career success, even family reproduction.
He had been working on Alabama defense cases since 1989 for the Southern Center for Human Rights and was director of its center for Alabama operations.
Under his leadership, the Human Rights programme has been significantly expanded and has since 1999 trained graduates from many Asian countries.
Soda Springs, a natural spring, has long seen human activity.
The planet Venus has just been visited and judged fit for human settlement, despite its inhospitable surface and climate; the colonists would have to endure a harsh climate for many generations until the planet could be terraformed.
Over the last decade, research on plastic loose in the environment has demonstrated clearly the deleterious effects on human health and ecological effects.
With regard to the use of Momordica charantia for diabetes, several animal studies and small-scale human studies have demonstrated a hypoglycemic effect of concentrated bitter melon extracts.
At the end of the meeting, the group issued the Chapel Hill Consensus Statement, which stated "BPA at concentrations found in the human body is associated with organizational changes in the prostate, breast, testis, mammary glands, body size, brain structure and chemistry, and behavior of laboratory animals."
Kronenberg co-founded the international (NGO) non governmental non-profit Harvey Milk Foundation with Harvey's nephew, a global human rights advocate, Stuart Milk and currently serves as co-chair of the annual Harvey Milk Day celebration coordinated by the Foundation.
BASICALLY HUMAN, Curated by Stephen Frailey, The Empty Quarter, Dubai (UAE); Visual Arts Gallery, NYC (USA)
He also said: "the case I put down on the 5th of February [2003], for an hour and 20 minutes, roughly, on terrorism, on weapons of mass destruction, and on the human rights case ... we stand behind"
Life in Mind and Conduct: Studies of Organic in Human Nature, Macmillan & Co., 1902.
While lightning sparked ignitions are typical of fire-prone ecosystems, higher human population and increased development in the wildland–urban interface has increased accidental and intentional sparking of destructive fires.
After obtaining a master's degree in clinical social work and a doctorate in health education specializing in human sexuality from New York University, she went on to complete a training fellowship in sexual therapy with the Department of Psychiatry, New York University Medical Center.
As Cerro Negro lies in a less-populated area of Nicaragua, there is less volcanic risk to human life compared to many of the other volcanoes in the world.
Such criticisms treat religion as a social construct and thus just another human ideology.
Not only satirical work is characteristic of him, but also the examination of individual fellow human beings, the literary processing of behavioural norms, for example in the book Gesellschaftsregeln and he created the literary figure of the Leutnant von Versewitz.
A study done by Fitts and Trappe examined the effects of prolonged space flight (defined as approximately 180 days) on human skeletal muscle using muscle biopsies.
Human Heridity Principles and Issues'.
Ms. Joanne Mariner is Human Rights Program Director at Hunter College, City University of New York.
The effect on shipping in the harbour was devastating, largely because of what has been described as "an error of judgement that will forever remain a paradox in human psychology".
He helped Jarla to steal the human child.
Critics maintain that he was guilty of corruption, that his administrations oversaw human rights abuses, and that as president he became too interested in consolidating and maintaining his personal power.
Although built in the Momoyama period (1575-1600) the design is more indicative of earlier fortresses, the steep base features random-style stone piling which is suggested as the source of instability in the walls which may have led to the use of a human pillar during its construction.
Berkhof, however, argues that, "in so far as God reveals Himself in His attributes, we also have some knowledge of His Divine Being, though even so our knowledge is subject to human limitations."
The planet's human population lives in scattered mining towns, gathering valuable crystals which seem to be the basis for their technology and economy.
 To establish a scientific and technological base for space and high technology industries in Egypt and the development of the relevant human capacity and improve local stakeholders in remote sensing applications.
Cowing is a strong supporter of human spaceflight.
It is a re-granting initiative that enhances the work and capacity of CSOs and groups involved in the promotion of human rights in Uganda through providing them with financial and skills support.
In addition to the petroglpyhs, other rock art such as a pictograph of a thunderbird and a horned human figure can be found at the park.
Gaston enjoyed a career with AT&T for 32 years before retiring in 1989 as a District Manager of Human Resources.
Captain Karl Taylor is sent to investigate mysterious alien signals from the Moon, but the sights and sounds of the alien “city” he encounters are entirely incomprehensible to human perceptions.
The policies have also received criticism from human and women's rights groups.
Marta Welander, British human rights activist
 The story of the human race; a biographical outline of history (1935)
Ratification of the Convention on the Rights of the Child argues that criticisms mentioned by opponents of the convention "are the result of misconceptions, erroneous information, and a lack of understanding about how international human rights treaties are implemented in the United States".
The Human Target story "The Unshredded Man" was analyzed as an example of depictions of the September 11 attacks in American popular culture.
Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and International Crisis Group jointly screened the documentary at the European Parliament, Brussels on 12 October 2011.
Peasant movements have a long history that can be traced to the numerous peasant uprisings that occurred in various regions of the world throughout human history.
Honecker lodged a constitutional complaint to the recently created Berlin Constitutional Court, stating that the decision to proceed violated his fundamental right to human dignity, which was an overriding principle in the Constitution of Berlin, above even the state penal system and criminal justice.
Beginning with the first title in the series from Human Entertainment, Fire Pro Wrestling Combination Tag for PC Engine in 1989, the Fire Pro Wrestling series eventually produced editions of games for many systems, notably the Super Famicom, Sega Saturn, Game Boy Advance, Dreamcast and the PlayStation 2.
Green conservatism manifested itself as a movement in groups such as ConservAmerica and the American Conservation Coalition, which seek to strengthen the Republican Party's stance on environmental issues and support efforts to conserve natural resources and protect human and environmental health.
In the year of 2009 there were 909 registered victims of human trafficking.
Several historic inventions and significant contributions in numerous fields were made throughout the Islamic Middle Ages that revolutionized human history.
Likewise, in the brain of the frog, the diencephalon, from which the pineal stalk arises, appears relatively further forward, as the cerebral hemispheres are smaller but the optic lobes are far more prominent than the human mesencephalon, which is part of the brain stem.
CESI represents free and independent trade unions from the private and public sectors that adhere to democratic principles and defend the respect of human rights.
The authorities in Liberia denied Wood the right to land his human cargo in the capital and he was forced on another one hundred and fifty mile voyage to Grand Bassa.
: A monster that gained an interest in the experimentation of human mind control on the resort area of United States, causing it to shut down.
He was a great human being.
The chairwoman of the Azerbaijani National Committee of the International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights, Arzu Abdulayeva, stated that the Azerbaijani public knew nothing about the pogrom of Azerbaijanis in Gugark for a long time beyond rumours because of a cover-up.
In the introduction, the authors state their aim to "be as objective as possible" about Hess, discuss the politics of his incarceration at Spandau, and state their belief that the "time for mere hot-blooded vengeance has long passed, and that for simple, human justice came long ago.
Like most major infrastructure work in Hawaii, construction of the rail line is likely to uncover historic human remains, notably in its downtown Honolulu section.
There was no real evidence presented of either the abuse or the breach of their human rights.
The mountains and stars, frequently described, endure beyond human carelessness, ignorance, and cruelty.
In that vein, Vico proposed a social need for religion, for a supernatural divine providence to keep order in human society.
It expanded with time to meet ever increasing expectations occasioned by growth in human population.
At the Summit, Yugoslavia succeeded in persuading members states to exclude anti-American and anti-Western positions from the final document which also avoided harsh criticism of Israel and Zionism and for the first time explicitly included human rights and freedom as well as women's rights provisions.
A statement issued by Human Rights Watch supported Amnesty's conclusion and "found no cases in which Hezbollah deliberately used civilians as shields to protect them from retaliatory IDF attack."
Dalia Kerstein, director of the Israel-based HaMoked, requested a delay in implementing the order because of its drastic effect on human rights.
• In this world, the diversity of peoples and persons will be respected, as will the human, civil, economic, social, and cultural rights of all of its inhabitants.
These are analogous to the frontal bone on a human which corresponds to the forehead.
"Cryptosporidium muris, a rodent pathogen, recovered from a human in Peru."
The Rome initiative called for fair elections, support for Islam as the foundation of the Afghan state, and respect for human rights.
The emphasis was not on trying to understand God, but on trying to understand the human being.
Satisfying the demands of the persona is the fundamental human enterprise 
The Return of Grand Theory in the Human Sciences
Human Security Research Center (in Serbian, English)
Literary fiction is a label that, in the book trade, refers to market novels which do not fit neatly into an established genre (see genre fiction); or, otherwise, refers to novels that are character-driven rather than plot-driven, examine the human condition, use language in an experimental or poetic fashion, or are simply considered "serious" art.
The names of many of the human characters in the novel are reused for characters in the television story, which is also set in a boys' school shortly before World War I.
In November 2012, the commission adopted the ASEAN Human Rights Declaration.
This means models can be generated based upon molecular lesions consistent with the human disease.
At The New Yorker, he has written about the global AIDS epidemic, avian influenza, malaria, scientific efforts to resurrect extinct viruses, synthetic biology, genetically modified food, efforts to mine the human genome to fight disease, and the world's diminishing freshwater resources.
By 1975, they began to put a formal catch-phrase name on those complex problems, associating them with nature, life, human, mind, and society.
In 1987, Jahangir co-founded the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan and became its Secretary-General.
Adventure which was a personality based program where she traveled the world comparing animal and human behavior.
Another doll is killed by human forces, and X-Ko obliterates them by forcing a pilot inside her and uses him as ammunition for her attack (similarly to VV-Ko).
Human consumption of the lungfish varies by population; the Luo peoples occasionally do so but the Sukuma avoid eating lungfish due to a taste which is "locally either highly appreciated or strongly disliked."
The two Picasso paintings illustrated at the top of this page show a movement to a more stylized representation of the human figure within the painter's style, and the Uffington White Horse is an example of a highly stylized prehistoric depiction of a horse.
In response to the continuing criticism of its human rights record, the Saudi government points to the special Islamic character of the country, and asserts that this justifies a different social and political order.
They went on to hail the book as "a powerful plea for sensible human cooperation delivered via a knockout story."
The exit was initiated by Joana Adesuwa Reiterer, a Nigerian actress and writer based in Vienna who, after escaping a marriage with a pimp, started her research on human trafficking from Africa to Austria for sexual exploitation.
The soul keeper demands his entire lifespan as payment, while warning that Chun will still die regardless when Kun returns to the human world.
Between the first human arrival with the robotic Soviet Luna program in 1958, to the 1970s with the last Missions of the crewed U.S. Apollo landings and last Luna mission in 1976, the Cold War-inspired Space Race between the Soviet Union and the U.S. led to an acceleration of interest in exploration of the Moon.
Reasons contributing to plants being threatened in this area could be due to the rate at which they reproduce fruit, pollinate, or human contact.
By eschewing the notion of the actor as a “robot” adapting to changing circumstances he reintroduces the personal human aspects that shape our encounters with the world and shows how our affectations define the situation at hand and so shape action.
The theatrical mask, expressing an acting role, was supposedly first invented in the West by the Greek actor Thespis of Attica (6th century BC) and the Greek Aristotelian philosopher Theophrastus (circa 371–287 BC) is credited with being the first in the West to define human character in terms of a typology of personal strengths and weaknesses.
Since the mid-2000s incorporation of antisemitic discourse into the platforms and speeches of nationalist political movements in Russia has been reported by human rights monitors in Russia as well as in the press.
Journal of Human Evolution 47 (1-2): 25–63.
He is the Spiritual Founder and Chairman of the Sambodh Foundation in India, The Sambodh Society Inc. USA, Sambodh Center for Human Excellence (Michigan), and the Bodhananda Research Foundation for Management and Leadership Studies.
It can also be found in gardens and males may enter human homes.
Maher studies magnetic nanoparticles to track climate change and changes in human health.
"Introducing a camera that has more in common with the human eye than with other cameras."
When a kite steering unit (KSU) is lofted, the KSU may be robotic and self-contained; a KSU may be operated from the ground via radio-control by a live human operator or by smart computer programs.
In human genomic prediction, by contrast, unrelated individuals in large populations are selected to estimate the effects of common SNPs.
She also was an advocate for social justice in areas such as poverty, women's rights and prison reform, and in 1972 she was named the first chair of the Saskatchewan Human Rights Commission.
The human remains were eventually returned to the United States, and by the 1980s the dogs' graves had been largely forgotten and were overgrown with weeds.
In any event, in the 1968 edition of Invertebrate Zoology, it is noted that "division of the Animal Kingdom into vertebrates and invertebrates is artificial and reflects human bias in favor of man's own relatives."
The 2007 and 2009 reports were short and focused on human rights violations affecting Christians in Iraq.
The officers are the President, the Vice President for Science, the Vice President for Public Affairs, the Vice President for Finance, the Vice President for Education and Human Resources, and the Secretary.
The reef has suffered high degradation due to both natural and human activities.
In Strangers Within Our Gates, Woodsworth elaborated on concerns related to immigration, and expressed sympathy for the difficulties new immigrants to Canada faced but also offered eugenic interpretations of human abilities and worth based on race.
In the 2018 Human Rights Measurement Initiative, Mozambique‘s protection of freedom of expression received a result of 5.3 out of 10.
Public artworks are designed to withstand the elements (sun, wind, water) as well as human activity.
Using non-player characters as human shields is a common mechanic in stealth video games, including Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, the Metal Gear series starting with Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, Hitman: Blood Money, and Hitman: Absolution.
The protest was organised by the Civil Human Rights Front and pro-democracy lawmakers of the territory, to oppose the electoral reform as proposed by Chief Executive Donald Tsang, and to demand the implementation of universal and equal suffrage in Hong Kong.
China, similar to other nations with migrant and socially mobile populations, has experienced increased incidences of human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immune deficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
Its habitat is threatened by habitat loss due to agriculture, logging, and human settlement.
This world is divided between the forces of Chaos, inhabiting the "Middle World" (which includes Faerie), and the forces of Law based in the human world, which is in turn divided between the Holy Roman Empire and the Saracens.
Rajini Thiranagama (1954–1989), Tamil human rights activist and feminist
In September 2019 the DSI announced they had found an oil drum containing burned human remains, in a dam near to the area where Billy was last seen.
 Acts of Faith: Explaining the Human Side of Religion (2000), with Roger Finke.
Two months after the end of Season 3 and still healing from tragic losses (Allison, Boyd, Erica and Aiden), Scott (Tyler Posey), Stiles (Dylan O'Brien), Lydia (Holland Roden) and Kira (Arden Cho) return to a new semester of school with more human worries than supernatural, while also trying to help their new friend, Malia (Shelley Hennig), integrate back into society.
The film focuses on the compelling, human rights struggles surrounding same-sex marriage and captures the elation and despair of couples and families who are fighting for equal rights.
Counter-Trafficking Project: Provides comprehensive legal services and case management for children and adult survivors of human trafficking.
His work on human growth hormone was the basis of Merck's drug MK-677, which increases muscle mass in elderly adults and helps prevent frailty-related injuries.
Markets and shops had closed due to travel restrictions, a cordon sanitaire, or fear of human contact, which led to loss of income for producers and traders.
Prison conditions generally met international standards in many areas, and the government permitted visits by independent human rights observers.
A Bug's Land (stylized "a bug's land") was seen from the point of view of Flik, the inventor ant from the Disney·Pixar film A Bug's Life, where oversized human items were scattered throughout.
She saves the pilot, a human named Lieutenant James "Jim" Stanton (Luke Wilson).
At first unwilling to tolerate any human presence, he soon comes to admire Rohan and later recognizes the Knight as Draganta, the legendary hero.
The company has been criticized for providing these capabilities to governments with poor human rights records, though HackingTeam states that they have the ability to disable their software if it is used unethically.
Kher considers how the realities of human life is perceived in our current time.
In his travels through German-occupied countries, her husband observed many human rights abuses, which he attempted to thwart by insisting that Germany observe the Geneva Convention and through local actions in creating more benign outcomes for local inhabitants, citing legal principles.
These rivers and creeks are most frequently being utilized not only for irrigation purposes of existing paddies but also for the day to day human activities such as bathing and washing.
The result will be a fully tested, glorified human race on earth.
However, with the establishment of a human population and the introduction of rodents to the southern atoll, significant seabird colonies are now restricted to the northern atoll of North Keeling.
The Buddha looked for the divine counterpart of the suffering of birth, ageing and deaththe difference was, though, that the Buddha believed he could realize this counterpart in a "demonstrable reality" in the mundane world, natural to human beings and accessible to the honest seeker.
He first spurns Lenina for failing to live up to his Shakespearean ideal and then the entire utopian society: he asserts that its technological wonders and consumerism are poor substitutes for individual freedom, human dignity and personal integrity.
There have also been persistent allegations of collusion between loyalist paramilitaries and British security forces, such as in the 1989 murder of human rights lawyer Pat Finucane by members of the UVF, allegedly in collusion with MI5.
Danielle Mitterrand, who headed the , a Paris-based human rights organization that helps refugees, canceled the trip after Moroccan officials protested and one Rabat newspaper wrote that her trip showed that she "clearly does not love Morocco."
Concerned about the fate of Campion as the sole surviving human, Father attempts to communicate with the Mithraic, whose spacecraft (an ark dubbed Heaven) has arrived at Kepler-22b and is orbiting the planet.
In May 2021, SkyHive was recognized by Gartner in the Cool Vendor in the Human Capital Management: Technology Innovations to support the future of work report.
Parallels and potentials in animal and human ethnomedical technique.
The age of consent in this country is determined by Article 8, of Chapter 4 (Debauchery) of the Law on Suppression of the Kidnapping, Trafficking, and Exploitation of Human Beings, which has been specifically enacted to prohibit sex with children under 15.
The rebels initially engaged in clashes with Syrian Army troops manning checkpoints outside the town, leaving 12 government soldiers and 16 rebels, according to the activist group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR).
The weapon remnants Human Rights Watch collected at the site corroborate the use of guided munitions.
The ranking indicates that the government has acknowledged the existence of human trafficking, made significant efforts towards the problem, and complies with the given standards.
Since then, a large number of cultivated rice, farming tools, remains of dry fence buildings, remains of domestic livestock, and primitive religious items have been unearthed from related sites of the Hemudu culture (5000-4500 BC), evidencing the existence of human settlement and culture in the eastern part of the Ningshao Plain, where modern-day Ningbo is located.
Ammonia (NH3) in the atmosphere has tripled as the result of human activities.
As Greyback was in human form at the time of the attack, Bill suffers only partial lycanthropy contamination—permanent scarring of his face, and an acquired liking for very rare beef.
Human trafficking in Kosovo has seen "a steep rise" since NATO troops and UN administrators took over Kosovo.
Alexander Brod, director of the Moscow Bureau for Human Rights (MBHR), has argued that polling data indicate that 60% of Russia's adult population adheres to an ideology he has described as "Russia for Russians and all misfortune is from non-Russians."
In June 2010, Williams started a drive to recall the majority of the Sacramento City Council in the wake of their vote to boycott Arizona over that state's tough stance on immigration law enforcement, calling the vote an "endorsement of and protection for human trafficking."
Dying Light 2 Stay Human is an action role-playing survival horror video game, featuring a zombie apocalyptic-themed open world.
He was also awarded a "Technology Person of the Year" in 2015 by Foundation of Science and Technology of Thailand in 2015, an honorary degree for doctor of philosophy by Srinakharinwirot University in 2017, and Human Resource Excellence Award presented by Thammasat University in 2017.
Although little is known about Cylon psychology, it is clear that they share many human emotional vulnerabilities.
The TYC observes several annual events, including the anniversary of its founding, Human Rights Day, the anniversaries of what they consider to be key events in Tibetan political history, and a number of Buddhist and traditional Tibetan holidays.
The divergence of the lineage that would lead to H. sapiens out of archaic human varieties derived from H. erectus, is estimated as having taken place over 500,000 years ago (marking the split of the H. sapiens lineage from ancestors shared with other known archaic hominins).
The film is about human dignity and the repressive judicial system in Georgia.
Crossopriza lyoni is a widespread species of cellar spiders that prefer to live in or around human structures.
HURIDOCS consults with organizations of many scopes and sizes, including local grassroots groups, national human rights institutions and international NGOs, to help them overcome their information management challenges.
A partial amino acid sequence allowed the isolation of human OSM cDNA and subsequently genomic clones.
", "Journey to Forever", "The Human Compulsion" (2017)
She received her Master of Education at Harvard University with a focus on human development and culture in 2003.
The education is carried in both formal and informal institutions to train the Italian citizens to protect and promote human rights within every life stage.
Livermore observed: "I learned that I'm a very, very well-controlled executive, but that my employees like when I go off the handle every once in a while, you know, show my human side - It reinforced that leadership means touching people's hearts as well as their brains, so since then I haven't worried so much about keeping my lid on."
Dorothy L. Sayers notes that Satan's three faces are thought by some to suggest his control over the three human races: red for the Europeans (from Japheth), yellow for the Asiatic (from Shem), and black for the African (the race of Ham).
In collaboration with Ivo Šlaus, he developed the Human Economic Welfare Index (HEWI), an alternative to GDP which incorporates several socioeconomic indices.
He believed that it was naïve to expect to find a single Papuan or Australian language family when New Guinea and Australia had been a single landmass for most of their human history, having been separated by the Torres Strait only 8000 years ago, and that a deep reconstruction would likely include languages from both.
A recent empirical study by Seinenu Thein-Lemelson (University of California, Berkeley) utilized an ethological approach to examine cross-cultural differences in human grooming as it pertains to caregiving behaviors.
On February 28, 2007, Holyfield was anonymously linked to Applied Pharmacy Services, a pharmacy in Alabama that was under investigation for supplying athletes with illegal steroids and human growth hormone (HGH).
After the election of Raúl Alfonsín as President of Argentina at the end of October 1983, the MJDH continued to organize events, often working with the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo and other human rights groups.
She is a female Indian wolf, member of the Seeonee pack, who while suckling her own cubs decides also to adopt a human "cub" that her mate Rama has found wandering in the jungle, naming him "Mowgli" (which means "frog" in the Speech of the Jungle) because of his hairlessness.
Zacopride also stimulated aldosterone secretion when applied to human adrenal glands in vitro.
He is known for his meticulous and chaste rendering of the Vedas, the Upanishads, Naalayira Divya Prabhandham and the Puranas, frequently including human perspectives in his upanyasams.
But the case went to the European Court of Human Rights which found in favour of Mr Sygelidis and found against the Hellenic Republic; it fined Greece €19,000 in favour of Sygelidis.
Yale University Press published the first edition of Human Action in 1949.
 North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services
The distributive possessive pronoun (ta'an, ta, or ta-) refers to a (non-collective) plural number of human referents, often in reciprocal contexts.
Palestinians must show us their human face.
His paintings are statements on the human condition and the twilight zones of reality and time.
More than a year passed before Resorts World Sentosa announced, in November 2014, that Battlestar Galactica: Human vs Cylon would reopen in early 2015 with new trains.
It consists of four families, one of which contains the human pinworm (Enterobius vermicularis).
She uses Freud as her first example, as he relied on "the imagery of men's lives in charting the course of human growth."
The story of Love & Destroy opens in the near future when an extraterrestrial entity known as  descended from the sky and began feeding off human stress, quickly spreading across Earth and leaving mass destruction in its wake.
The site covers an area of , and was extensively surveyed and investigated by the Royal Commission on the Historical Monuments of England in 1991, with finds of Iron Age and Romano-British pottery, Iron Age and Roman coins, and burials of human remains.
In the case of all classification or sorting yards, human intelligence plays a primary role in setting a strategy for the switching operations; the fewer times coupling operations need to be made and the less distance traveled, the faster the operation, the better the strategy and the sooner the newly configured consist can be joined to its outbound train.
In this passage, Paul depicts the connatural human condition as being "slaves of sin."
They also organize and participate in protests for immigration reform and human rights Staffs from the organizations and members of the community also contact their representatives to fight for their issues.
The hospital is run by the Tasmanian Government as part of the Department of Health and Human Services and is the largest hospital, and the largest employer, in Tasmania.
The Confederation of Human Worlds in the 21st century established its capital city at Fargo, North Dakota, which grew into a large metropolis with a multitude of skyscrapers and government buildings.
Foxes are among the comparatively few mammals which have been able to adapt themselves to a certain degree to living in urban (mostly suburban) human environments.
One day, on a celebration, the snake husband decides to dance with his wife in human form.
One example, discovered north of the Old City, contains human remains in an 1st century CE ossuary decorated with the Aramaic inscription "Simon the Temple Builder."
Nimoy had issues with some parts of the early scripts, as they called for Spock to betray Kirk because Sybok helps him to understand his human side.
While major publications have identified these cells as CPC's and have found a very large number in the murine and human heart, recent publications have found very few Isl1+ cells in the murine fetal heart and attribute their localization to the sinoatrial node, which is known as an area that contributes to heart pacemaking.
Consistent with President Kennedy's Alliance for Progress, he also placed increasing emphasis on human rights as a central focus of U.S. foreign policy.
Neil McCormick of The Daily Telegraph gave the album a perfect score, stating "It's a highly personal work bravely opening up the artist's very human flaws as an example to others, locating in his own suffering a path towards forgiveness, redemption and, ultimately, a better world.
Guardian is set on the Earth-like planet of Haixing, populated by a native human population and two alien races — the Yashou, who are able to shapeshift into plants and animals, and the Dixing, superpowered beings who live deep underground.
The jury – chaired by Luigi Abete – gave this explanation to the award: " "9 Ottobre 1963 (Suite for Vajont)" is a strong and overwhelming composition showing Anzovino's great human and artistic sensitivity: only a son of that land could compose it."
Zukav was honored with the Award for Clear Telling of Deep Wisdom by the New York Open Center in 2001 for his book, Seat of the Soul, and for his co-founding of Genesis: The Foundation for the Universal Human.
Risk, financial markets, and human capital in a developing country.
Sometimes this can be a sufficient goal in itself—for instance, to detect any phenotypic changes in a genetically modified plant intended for human or animal consumption.
The usage of slow motion is crucial to tool-assisted speedrunning, as many of the esoteric techniques are impossible to perform without it due to mechanical and human limitations.
European Court of Human Rights Decisions and European Parliament 
Members of the caucus organize to speak publicly to raise awareness of human trafficking, and advocate for policy changes.
Human cells typically have 22 pairs of autosomal chromosomes and one pair of sex chromosomes.
Crucial to the efficient study of the molecular basis of human genetic disease via genetic modifiers is first establishing that clinical variation in the phenotype cannot be otherwise explained by factors such as major locus heterogeneity or environmental influences.
Most human non-player characters can be given gifts, and, as previously mentioned, have different tastes and aspirations.
He is influenced by the New Topographics photographers ("survey of natural beauty permanently altered by human industry"), particularly Lewis Baltz and Robert Adams; also by Walker Evans, Robert Smithson and 19th-century American and European expeditionary photography.
It hosts examinations and lectures for Cardiff University and the Open University, and was a venue for the 2013 International Conference on Human Trafficking.
According to the Cochabamba Human Rights Commission (): at least 400 suffered blows from sticks, stones, fists, or other objects; 36 more suffered severe wounds from such blows; and 11 were wounded by gunshots.
In laboratory experiments, ICR scientists found that the drug reduced the growth of glioblastoma (the most common form of brain tumour), it decreased the growth of ovarian tumours and in other studies, it was active against cell lines derived from other human cancers.
Protein-coding sequences (specifically, coding exons) constitute less than 1.5% of the human genome.
In 2017, Chase took part in the launch of a report by Human Rights Watch and interACT on medically unnecessary surgeries on intersex children, “I Want to Be Like Nature Made Me", based on interviews with intersex persons, families and physicians.
According to Human Rights Defenders and Promoters (HRDP), on April 18, 2007, several of its members (U Myint Aye, Maung Maung Lay, Tin Maung Oo and Yin Kyi) were attacked by approximately a hundred people under the direction of U Nyunt Oo - Secretary of the Union Solidarity and Development Association (USDA).
The show then follows the plight of the four human survivors – three male, one female – who survive due to various far-fetched reasons – for example being sealed in a sound-proof booth during a pub quiz when the agent strikes the vicinity.
NASA often uses the phrase Environmental Control and Life Support System or the acronym ECLSS when describing these systems for its human spaceflight missions.
The composer introduced her work, saying that "this too shall pass" summarises the transience of everything happening in nature and human life: youth, beauty, depressing and joyful moments, which invites to look for eternal values and to appreciate every moment.
In addition to gathering and analyzing information on human rights conditions in OSCE countries, the IHF acted as a clearing house for this information, disseminating it to governments, inter-governmental organizations, the press and the public at large.
It appears to have wiped out the rest of the human race while leaving all infrastructure intact.
He realized that a machine that could manipulate symbols could just as well simulate decision making and possibly even the process of human thought.
He uses this power to shut down the Leader's equipment and revert MODOK to his original human form.
Additionally, it has especial relevance for International Human Resource Management (IHRM) because it can be viewed as a resource, not only useful for expatriates themselves, but also for the multinational companies and enterprises (MNCs and MNEs) employing them.
Climate, biota and human use 
Then garment makers noticed that the range of human body dimensions was relatively small (for their demographic).
Under the wood and bones was a midden layer, consisting of sherds, shells, pipe fragments and coprolites (preserved human feces).
Ender, gaining access to all of the appropriate files, learns of tension since Pipo's death: Novinha has turned away from xenobiology to study crop growth and had a loveless relationship with Marcos; Miro has secretly worked with Libo's daughter Ouanda to continue to study the Pequeninos, breaking the law to share human technology and knowledge with them.
"Cross My Heart", by Bruce Springsteen from Human Touch
In March 2021 Chaudhary was invited to testify before a United Nations panel focusing on human rights violations in China.
Israilov had accused Kadyrov of supporting human rights violations.
Radio Free Europe reported that a leading Uzbek human rights worker, Surat Ikramov, challenged Yakubov's account of himself.
The Human Race has put on more than 160 productions since its inception in 1986, and has an extensive theatre education program that annually serves more than 30,000 children and adults throughout southwestern Ohio.
In May 2007, she was appointed as Secretary of State for Human Rights under the Minister of Foreign and European Affairs, Bernard Kouchner.
In his 1902 work, Human Nature and the Social Order, Cooley defined this concept as:
However, rocket launch sites for purely sub-orbital flights are sometimes called spaceports, as in recent years new and proposed sites for suborbital human flights have been frequently referred to or named "spaceports".
Others, however, note that "during his twenty years as a member of the federal judiciary, Judge Duffy has impressed litigants, lawyers, jurors, and his colleagues as a jurist of rare legal acumen who gets right to the core of a case, a human being of unusual common sense, humor and humility."
According to them, many see germline modification as being more moral than the alternative, which would be either discarding of the embryo, or birth of a diseased human.
The reason behind establishment of this peace award was to continue the ancestral legacy, as well as, to pay special tribute to Captain Gemeniano Javier Gusi (World War II Guerilla Warrior) who subsequently became a politician and a human rights activist in the Philippines.
Documented the human toll of TB and AIDS, with text by Dr. Anne Goldfeld, with work from Cambodia, Thailand, Africa and Siberia.
Quivering sounds then come into the track which, according to Finlayson, are either meant to be synthesizer patches intended to only sound like human voices or a vocoder robot.
His work shows an "expressionist use of color, slashing lines, and parodic distortions of the human figure."
Chris Harding – (Chris Chittell) Chris is Ginger's younger brother, who replaces him as the Tomorrow People's human ally.
 whose quality or properties are significantly or exclusively determined by the geographical environment, including natural and human factors,
Her photography, featured in the installation, utilizes a desert landscape and light to symbolically portray human self-discovery in a natural environment.
Nathan continued to support and inspire their developing work, seeking to draw new professional talent into the work done by the CCJO through the United Nations and in other human rights fora.
 2002: The human body in return, Alma Lövs museum of unexpected art in Östra Ämtervik, Sweden
All along, the school has been given excellent support from the "Mater Dei School Alumni Association Under the Royal Patronage" and the "Parents and Teachers Association" in the areas of human resource development, education, as well as the construction of new buildings to accommodate and provide quality education.
Soviet pedology was a combination of pedagogy and psychology of human development, that heavily relied on various tests.
A human anus (vulgar slang)
I prefer the old Adam of strife and carnage to the new Prometheus of peace and human rights.
Shabbat and holiday work restrictions are always put aside in cases of pikuach nefesh, which is saving a human life.
Kirsty realizes the Cenobites have human origins and shows Pinhead a photograph of World War I British Army Captain Elliott Spencer, the man he once was.
From 2004 to 2005 and again from 2007 to 2010, Geiss worked as Legal Adviser for the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) Legal Division and as ICRC delegate to the United Nations Human Rights Council.
: The United Nations confirmed the death of Human Rights Officer Andrea Loi.
Nancy Barr Mavity, an early McPherson biographer, wrote of the drunk driving incident "an error not altogether unprecedented to members of the police departments as to other human beings."
Considered to be at fault in the eyes of the director of human resources and her superiors, Emilie decides to avoid prison and save her skin.
This took the form of a human head with Makonde facial scarification.
The functions of other lncRNAs with experimental evidences have been community-curated in LncRNAWiki (a wiki-based, publicly editable and open-content platform for community curation of human lncRNAs) in respect of the functional mechanisms and disease associations, which can also be accessed in LncBook.
In the "Prooemium" or introduction to De Medicina there is an early discussion of the relevance of theory to medical practice and the pros and cons of both animal experimentation and human experimentation.
Human services has its roots in charitable activities of religious and civic organizations that date back to the Colonial period.
ʻAbdu'l-Bahá in a series of analogies has compared men and women to the two wings of a bird and the two hands of a human body and stated that both need to be strong to allow for advancement.
Hermanubis depicted with a human body and a jackal head, holding the caduceus.
 List of human spaceflights in Tiangong Program
And as for the wristwatch that could control Yo-kai, its existence threatened to disturb the balance between human and Yo-kai worlds, so it was cast away into oblivion beyond time and space.
Hiram Wilsom grabbed a nearby lieutenant named Frank Briare, and held a knife to his heart with the intention of using him as a human shield.
In Common Sense for Hard Times, Brecher and Costello, citing Barry Commoner, warned that environmental degradation could destroy the capability of the environment to support a reasonably civilized human society.
In the end, he loses his human form by helping Marnie defeat Kalabar.
All this indicates the Brygos Painter was a skilled observer of human emotion, expression, and interaction.
This word is juxtaposed in Romans 8:13 with the term used for 'body' (), which more strictly refers to the physical body of a human.
Zeleny has served as the Editor-in-Chief of Human Systems Management over the last thirty three years.
An archaeological culture is a recurring assemblage of types of artifacts, buildings and monuments from a specific period and region that may constitute the material culture remains of a particular past human society.
When playing the human could choose to control the same player during the whole match or the one currently in possession of the ball.
Her films have covered international stories — in Africa, Asia, Europe, South America, the USA, and the Middle East — dealing with social and political issues about women religion, poverty, health, and human rights.
In 1998, Mayor was awarded the Swiss Marcel Benoist Prize in recognition of his work and its significance for human life.
Human voices have at least two distinct vocal registers, called the "head" and "chest" voices.
Explosive derived contaminants may have adverse effects on the environmental as well as human health.
In architecture, a mascaron ornament is a face, usually human, sometimes frightening or chimeric whose alleged function was originally to frighten away evil spirits so that they would not enter the building.
The St. Matthew's Cathedral Arts was formed in 2012 "to emulate the historic ministry of cathedral churches, proclaiming the presence of God through the beauty of human creativity, positioning this cathedral as a center for arts, culture and community, bringing vitality to St. Matthew's, our neighborhood and greater Dallas."
The player controls a robot sent to an unexplored planet called Hallucinor with the job of investigating it ahead of human colonisation.
Just as the symmetry of the human frame is the result of the suitable arrangement of the different parts of the body, so in a State is it ordained by nature that these two classes should dwell in harmony and agreement, so as to maintain the balance of the body politic.
Erika makes the choice to remain as Hudiemon, rather than return as Erika because should she return to a human world without EDEN, she will die due to EDEN being the only reason she was still alive.
The display of the character's "more human side" through flashbacks in "Not in Portland" was lauded by IGN's Chris Carabott, who deemed the episode worthy of getting viewers "back on the Lost hype train."
The book examines a range of case studies, from the end of apartheid in South Africa, Spanish transition to democracy and the related pacto del olvido, Chilean transition to democracy and the related amnesty for human rights abuses under the Pinochet regime, and others.
A drop in the lake's water level represents another threat, and is believed to be driven by water extraction by the increasing human population, climate change and deforestation.
Ruxandra Sireteanu (19 September 1945 – 8 September 2008), also known after her marriage as Ruxandra Sireteanu-Constantinescu, was a Romanian biophysicist and neuroscientist who undertook pioneering research into the human visual system.
The human nose can detect concentrations of this molecule below the part per trillion level making it one of the most odor intensive compounds on earth.
Recipient of the Michael Losey Human Resource Award, 2005.
Epicurus in the ancient world, and Jeremy Bentham in the modern, laid stress upon the role of pleasure in directing human life, the latter stating: "Nature has placed mankind under the governance of two sovereign masters, pain and pleasure".
The Court of Appeal had ruled his powers to be in breach of the European Convention on Human Rights and his powers were subject to further legal challenges on these grounds.
Therefore, the human intellectual soul, because it is participatory (imperfect) and “in motion,” must depend on a higher intellect, which is “the self-subsisting Being.”
One particular case was in Uruguay: the controversial Law on the Expiration of the Punitive Claims of the State pretended to put an end to unsolved issues deriving from 12 years of civic-military dictatorship; local human rights organizations challenged that law and called a referendum in 1989 which confirmed the law by 56% of the popular vote.
Explores practical management techniques, effective professional communication, Le Cordon Bleu cuisine, and human resource management.
Donation of $336 million worth of 430 trillion Dogelon Mars ($ELON) to the Methuselah Foundation, which focuses on extending human lifespan, on 12 May 2021.
Contributing to Monocle Magazine and Monocle TV from the Middle East, she covers human interest stories for their global audience.
Sufficientarianism is a school of thought in social justice, economics and philosophy, which strives to determine what are the supposed basic needs that should be allotted to human beings in order to guarantee social equity, or at least equality of opportunity.
Munjed Al Muderis (born 1972), Iraqi born Australian author, Australian ambassador of the red cross, human rights activist and refugee rights activist.
Schönemann wrote also numerous book chapters, including the "Psychometrics of Intelligence" chapter in Encyclopedia of Social Measurement and the “Heritability” chapter in Encyclopedia of Human Intelligence.
He chaired the Parliamentary Committee for Human Rights until his death of myocardial infarction in November 2010.
Manyand variousanimals were employedto support British and Allied Forcesin wars and campaigns over the centuriesand as a result millions died · From the pigeon to theelephant they all played a vital role in every region of the worldin the cause of human freedom · Their contribution must never be forgotten
to investigate the microbiome and bacterial colonization of the human gut in normal and obese twins or comparison studies of newborn, child and adult gut bacteria composition.
According to Howard, Zootopia emerged from his desire to create something different from other animal anthropomorphic films, where animals either live in the natural world or in the human world.
The transcribed and translated products of the HERV-W Env gene come from retroviral DNA thus the human body detects these proteins as antigens triggering the immune response.
Many of her works, such as Le Ravissement de Lol V. Stein and L'Homme assis dans le couloir (1980), deal with human sexuality.
Geopiety is "the belief and worship of powers behind nature or the human environment".
Previous winners are Mary Robinson, former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, and Manfred Nowak, former UN Special Rapporteur on Torture.
Collins' research group studies the use of viruses, particularly lentiviruses (the group to which the human immunodeficiency virus belongs), as vectors for delivering novel genes to cells and as platforms for the development of vaccines.
Hardscaping allows the erection of man-made landscaping features that would otherwise be impossible due to soil erosion, including some that compensate for large amounts of human traffic that would cause wear on bare earth or grass.
Hoffman injects a small sample from a human with PUD into a guinea pig, producing ulcers, and isolates a bacterium which he believes caused the ulcers.
promote a healthy culture of the recognition of women's rights as human rights.
The commission was tasked with ranking the candidates based on their mission readiness for the first human Vostok mission.
Heliophysics is needed to facilitate the accelerated expansion of human experience beyond the confines of our earthly home.
This lack of clear definition for the contribution of Wernicke's and Broca's regions to human language rendered it extremely difficult to identify their homologues in other primates.
Political pressure aside, the overall government view was that the Convention was only aimed at preventing a totalitarian takeover and not human rights issues within a functioning democracy.
He was a member of the United Nations Human Rights Council in 2007 and of the European Commission against Racism and Intolerance beginning in 1998.
According to McGinn human minds lack the concept-forming procedures to fully grasp how mental properties such as consciousness arise from their causal basis.
A Good That Transcends: Culture Change and Our Common Home explores the cultural roots of human misuses of nature, building upon such earlier works as Agrarianism and the Good Society (2007) and Why Conservation is Failing and How It Can Regain Ground (2006).
1991 Master of Arts degree in industrial psychology and human relations, Louisiana Tech University
Lee and Kirby reintroduced the original Human Torch in Fantastic Four Annual #4 (1966) and had him battle Johnny Storm.
Horses, as prey animals, have an inborn fight or flight instinct that can be adapted to human needs.
To be certified to fly over any population density, an hypothetical uncontrolled crash assumes that human life at the point of impact is lost.
 The Human Jungle: Struggle for a Mind - Angie (1964) (TV serial)
In this role, Moore leads the organization, which maintains offices in both Nashville and Washington, D.C. in their advocacy efforts—addressing especially the issues of religious liberty, human dignity, family stability, and civil society.
Ramsay said the error was the result “of both process failure and human error”.
But monopoly polarised the human community.
Ferraro was studied by Harvard Medical School which determined through an MRI that his skull measured 16mm thick, over 2.3 times more than the average human skull, making it one of the thickest skulls ever x-rayed.
Chinese human rights activist Huang Qi was also detained.
Combining perspectives from neurobiology, evolutionary theory, linguistics, and semiotics, Deacon proposes that language, along with the unique human capacity for symbolic thought, co-evolved with the brain.
Shortly after the announcement, fans of the game, as well as Riot employees, criticized the company over social media and their streaming channels over the partnership, citing Saudi Arabia's record on human rights and the violent attempts to evict the Howeitat tribe from the area during the city's construction.
Slater and some other researchers believe the inscriptions on the stones contain the earliest form of human language.
Early philosophical questions were also raised about whether the change from being a human endowed with reason to being an unreasoning beast might not be preferable after all, and the resulting debate was to have a powerful impact during the Renaissance.
Performing the correct ritual focuses, links, orders, and moves the social, which is the human realm, in correspondence with the terrestrial and celestial realms to keep all three in harmony.
On June 15, 2008, the Personal Spaceflight Federation announced a new website and a new name—the Commercial Spaceflight Federation—to emphasize "the diverse business activities of the commercial human spaceflight industry."
He has also begun producing projects focused on the human story, and more specifically the reemergence of the masculine and feminine archetypes.
It is an opportunistic human pathogen that normally colonizes skin and mucous membranes.
Following on from this ruling, Greene argued that the Bonnard test was now invalid, and that the case should be judged under the Human Rights Act and Cream.
He is Professor of Composition and Theory at Rice University's Shepherd School of Music and the co-author with neuroscientist David Eagleman of the 2017 book The Runaway Species: How Human Creativity Remakes the World.
 Nick Bax - Now runs Human Studio
Winick received the third Andrei Sakharov Prize from the American Physical Society (APS) in 2010 "for tireless and effective personal leadership in defense of human rights of scientists throughout the world".
Many of these depressions are known to contain subglacial lakes that are subject to massive, catastrophic drainage events from volcanic eruptions, creating a significant hazard for nearby human populations.
Inspired by the fact that mescaline produces such remarkable effects on all human mental faculties and by the interdisciplinary work of Albert Schweitzer, in the same year Smythies decided to tackle the mind-brain problem in a systematic way i.e.
 Justin L. Barrett (born 1971): American experimental psychologist and director of the Thrive Center for Human Development and Professor of Psychology at Fuller Graduate School of Psychology after being a researcher at the University of Oxford, Barrett is a cognitive scientist specializing in the cognitive science of religion.
Comparison of data gathered from endocasts and the brains of living hominoids allows scientists to study the evolution of the human brain, both anatomically and cognitively.
A single prominent human figure is unusual in the cave paintings of the Upper Paleolithic, where the great majority of representations are of animals.
 Book I: on human body's anatomy;
Although the contaminant is existent in the environment, there is limited information on the effect that Perfluorooctane Sulfonate acid (PFOS) has on the human body.
Human Torch Comics (1940 series) #29 - Timely Comics
With its fast growing population and industrialization, Abia has the joint-eighth highest Human Development Index in the country.
The award came with a US$35,000 cash prize as well as a five-year partnership with the U.S.-based organization Physicians for Human Rights.
The film is a documentary of the crimes and human rights violations imposed on the people of Kashmir, especially on women.
It declared the readiness of the United Nations Security Council to impose sanctions on armed groups persistently violating the human rights of children including child abuse and child soldier.
In 2000 Guatemala ratified the Inter-American Convention on Forced Disappearances, the Additional Protocol to the American Convention on Human Rights regarding social economic and cultural rights, and the Optional Protocol of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
They chase after Maya, and wander in this dense forest of material existence like a beast in human garb.
In application, the situation of interest is one in which a human operator has to make a binary judgement about whether a signal is present or absent in a noise background.
Richard Seed (born 1928) is an American physicist and advocate of human cloning.
Definitions which are open to human interpretation cause much ill-will at conformation shows when exhibitors disagree with the decision of the judge, despite the fact that the fanciers hire the judges and pay entry fees for the judge's opinion of their breeding stock.
In October 2021, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) adopted a positive opinion, recommending the granting of a marketing authorization for the medicinal product Cibinqo, intended for the treatment of atopic dermatitis.
Clark appeared before the Iraqi Special Tribunal in late November 2005 arguing "that it failed to respect basic human rights and was illegal because it was formed as a consequence of the United States' illegal war of aggression against the people of Iraq."
to assess the best place to situate the research and habitation modules that a human mission to Mars would require.
Also, the World Council of Churches sent letters to the United Nations Human Rights Council regarding the matter, having conducted their own questionnaire which showed major irregularities.
In March 2001, Farrakhan was granted permission by the High Court to challenge his exclusion from the UK, per the recently enacted Human Rights Act.
*Indicates temporal resolution since human eyes and event cameras do not output frames.
The low melting point of lead permitted its use on a wide scale throughout human history.
Forget your preconceptions about Hindi cinema; this takes us on a touching, witty, always surprising journey through terrain that's unfamiliar and human dilemmas that aren't.
Journal of Human Trafficking, 1:3, 209-234, DOI: 10.1080/23322705.2015.1014664.
Within the context of these apotropaic figures were three main types, a winged figure wearing the horned crown which symbolized divinity, a winged figure wearing a headband of rosettes and a winged human figure with the head of a bird.
Evolution: of ageing – of the brain – of cetaceans – of complexity – of dinosaurs – of the eye – of fish – of the horse – of insects – of human intelligence – of mammalian auditory ossicles – of mammals – of monogamy – of sex – of sirenians – of tetrapods – of the wolf 
Abortion and human fetal tissue 
 Gwisho Hot-Springs, Lochinvar National Park, Monze: Late Stone Age human skeletons from about 4,000 years ago.
There is also concept art of a young human girl named "Cielle" who was intended to appear in the game.
The Tusculan Disputations is the locus classicus of the legend of the Sword of Damocles, as well as of the sole mention of cultura animi as an agricultural metaphor for human culture.
The girls change her view of them as she stays in Heatherfield trying to be more human, and she accepts the girls as her friends.
Autopsy findings point to a half-life of inorganic mercury in human brains of 27.4 years.
Unable to agree on the status of sweatshops, the abolitionists working with the League of Nations and the United Nations ultimately backed away from efforts to define slavery, and focused instead on a common precursor of slavery – human trafficking.
A Satyr Against Mankind (1675), one of the few poems he published (in a broadside in 1679), is a scathing denunciation of rationalism and optimism that contrasts human perfidy with animal wisdom.
She possesses a gigantic blade inside her body capable of cutting any substance in the human world.
The Jerusalem Prize for the Freedom of the Individual in Society is a biennial literary award given to writers whose works have dealt with themes of human freedom in society.
The court ruled that instability in the Middle East and the prospect that "such information may pose a danger to human rights groups" justified the refusal.
Medea must not butcher her children in the presence of the audience, nor the monstrous Atreus cook his dish of human flesh within public view, nor Procne be metamorphosed into a bird, nor Cadmus into a snake.
As the cost of moving human workers continues to rise, while the cost of moving information electronically continues to fall, presumably market forces should cause more people to substitute virtual travel for physical travel.
In the new government, announced on January 25, 2007, Mba Abessole was moved to the position of Deputy Prime Minister at the Presidency in charge of Recasting, Human Rights, the Coordination of Great Work and Revolving Festivals.
There were neither physical nor human resources available, however, there were learners who could not continue with their high school education because of financial constraints or because they had passed with a "Third class."
He is also durable enough to survive direct explosions and fires that would kill normal human beings.
There are various statistics for human rights abuses committed during the Marcos regime.
According to Thanissaro Bhikkhu, part of the reason the Buddha recommended having conviction in the truth of rebirth was that his teaching on the nature of human action would be incomplete without reference to rebirth.
The message was meant more as a demonstration of human technological achievement than a serious attempt to enter into a conversation with possible extraterrestrials.
In March 2020, the Australian government established the intergovernmental National Cabinet and declared a human biosecurity emergency in response to the outbreak.
President Rajapaksa said that the supply of water was a non-negotiable fundamental human right.
Genital-genital and genital-body contact (including tribadism) can spread STIs such as human papillomavirus (HPV), pubic lice (crabs) and herpes.
Her death from cardiac arrest was found to be due to an imbalance of electrolytes, possibly due to the excessive urination observed following chimpanzee kidney transplantation (frequently greater than 20 liters per day), as the chimpanzee kidneys probably did not work in precisely the same way as human kidneys.
The protests did, however, manage to direct the media's attention to the issues of human rights, social justice and environmentalism that motivated the protesters; the small activist community in Calgary was also bolstered by the demonstrations, leading to the largest protests in the city's history the following year.
Many researchers argue that animal communication lacks a key aspect of human language, that is, the creation of new patterns of signs under varied circumstances.
An effective antibiotic was first used on human TB patients in 1921, but only after World War II did it begin to be widely used in the US.
and Others vs. Slovakia is the third case decided by the European Court of Human Rights against Slovakia concerning forced sterilization of Romani people or Gypsy women.
These vessels represented potatoes in three ways: as clear depictions of the vegetable, as embodying a human form (either mutilated or not) or as transition between the two.
Adam is according to Islam, both the first human and the first prophet.
While an exact explanation for asymptomatic carriage is unknown, researchers have been dedicating their efforts towards understanding how specific bacteria thrive in human hosts in the hopes of determining a universal understanding of asymptomatic transmission.
Distribution centers also have a variety of supporting departments, including human resources, maintenance/facilities operations, production control, and accounting.
In 1984, it established the V.Karunakaran Nambiar Award for best reports published in Malayalam newspapers on human rights issues.
They maintain relations with human rights organizations, universities, and government agencies.
In 2019, Distributed Bio completed pre-clinical trials of a vaccine that consists of computationally selected distant evolutionary variants of hemagglutinin epitopes and is expected to begin human trials in 2021.
His travels in Mexico and West Africa had a substantial influence on his art, particularly on the representation of the human figure in his sculptures and paintings.
In another instance Scott's letter is quoted and his case described: "You cannot but have heard of that very unfortunate man Dr Greenshields [sic] who for a dishonourable or rather infamous cause was obliged to leave Edinburgh where he was long beloved and admired of every human being..."
Fury assaulted Sheldon thinking he was a political writer, and insisted that he had no connection with the recently deceased Avengers, then telling him that it was Captain America that introduced him to eating human meat during World War II.
Concerns on the health effects of triclosan have been raised after it was detected in human breast milk, blood, and urine samples.
Following those events, he was one of the few lawyers and human rights activists in the country.
The Architect warns of the annihilation of all human life in and out of the Matrix if he does not enter the Source door to reload the Matrix, but unlike his predecessors, Neo does not enter the door to the Source; he chooses not to believe the Architect's dire warnings of consequences and to save Trinity instead.
The vegetation communities of the Five Islands, and especially Big Island have been degraded because of previous human usage and the introduction of exotic species of animals and plants.
Within the Pagan movement, there can be found many deities, both male and female, who have various associations and embody forces of nature, aspects of culture, and facets of human psychology.
Leadership and Human Development, Eds.
On November 3, 2017, the band released the first single, "Empire", from their new album, I Am Human, which was set to be released on February 16, 2018, but later postponed to March 30, 2018.
The GBI, however, said in the press conference that it could not perform tests for steroids or human growth hormones on Daniel because of a lack of urine.
I will say that I support human rights... And of course that includes sexual orientation.
Some think their dependence on the human "cattle" threatens them with eventual extinction, but the rank-and-file Tugar would rather keep matters exactly as they are.
Döblin's 1924 science fiction novel recounts the course of human history from the 20th to the 27th century, portraying it as a catastrophic global struggle between technological mania, natural forces, and competing political visions.
and called it "an antidote to the shrinking of the human being in every one of us."
No human casualty was recorded in the fire incident although Several properties worth millions of Naira were destroyed.
Since the BJEPB and US Embassy measure different pollutants according to different criteria, the pollution levels and the impact to human health reported by the BJEPB are often lower than that reported by the US Embassy.
The novels track a gradual reconnection of the human cultures which developed.
The PBMR is characterised by inherent safety features, which mean that no human error or equipment failure can cause an accident that would harm the public.
Lawyer Robert Prentice stated that First Amendment protection for corporations has worked its way into the decisions of the Supreme Court since the 1940s, in cases such as Valentine v. Chrestensen (1942), Pittsburgh Press Co. v. Pittsburgh Commission on Human Relations (1973) and Virginia State Pharmacy Board v. Virginia Citizens Consumer Council (1976).
Mohammad Fahad al-Qahtani, co-founder of a Saudi Arabian human rights organisation
Human infection caused by the domestic pig varies from country to country.
Karpan denied being a lesbian, calling the rumors a scare tactic, but caused controversy when she said, "Now I have to prove I'm a normal human being... and I am...
A wilderness study area (WSA) contains undeveloped United States federal land retaining its primeval character and influence, without permanent improvements or human habitation, and managed to preserve its natural conditions.
SIOA describes itself as a human rights organization, promoting freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and equal rights.
Cavener is best known for her fantastical animal figures, which embody the complexity of human emotion and behavior.
Therefore, it is found on wide, open steppe meadows, pastures and near human settlements.
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services (HHS)
This only means that the device can declare itself under the human interface device class.
In the future, the attacks of the rebels on the Soviet and Afghan outposts, outposts, military garrisons of the unit did not stop, taking on a regular character, and led to human casualties.
2006 - Women, Leadership and Human Dignity Award
Unable to locate Rannulf's murderer, King Imre Furstán-Festil issues a decree ordering the deaths of fifty human peasants unless the murderer is identified.
In Australia, the source of wildfires can be traced to both lightning strikes and human activities such as machinery sparks and cast-away cigarette butts."
CEO, Davide Sesia and human resources manager, Hiroyuki Takahashi were threatening female staff to purchase Prada products and enter the sales as customers on a regular basis to boost up the sales in Tokyo for IPO approval in Hong Kong.
Along with him were a small group of educated Indians, as Natesh Appaji Dravid, Gopal Krishna Deodhar, Surendra Nath Banerjee, and Anant Patwardhan who wanted to promote social and human development and overthrow the British rule in India.
Io lui e la cana femmina - It is dedicated to the two German Shepherd dogs owned by Baglioni: he describes them as if they are human beings with whom stroll around, dreaming to be free and without inhibitions like an animal, to be the same.
In the later part of his life Teit worked tirelessly with the native people to preserve their human rights, as discussed by Wendy Wickwire in her work At the Bridge.
Along the way, Ash makes many human and Pokémon friends as he works his way through the ranks of the world's many Pokémon Leagues.
Human interaction and conservation status
The statement affirms that homosexual activity is prohibited, saying inter alia that "Halakhah sees heterosexual marriage as the ideal model and sole legitimate outlet for human sexual expression"; "Halakhic Judaism views all male and female same-sex sexual interactions as prohibited"; and "halakhic values proscribe individuals and communities from encouraging practices that grant religious legitimacy to gay marriage and couplehood".
 Diploteratology: an Essay on Compound Human Monsters (1866)
Gladys West, a human computer whose calculations helped develop GPS technology, is recognized for her work in December when she is inducted into the Air Force Space and Missile Pioneers Hall of Fame.
However, in terms of the concentration of human poverty, they occupy a more favourable position than Itahar.
She has been involved in research on the rights of women in Africa since the early 1980s and is an internationally recognised expert in the field, particularly on women's human rights and legal pluralism in Africa with a focus on reproduction, land and water.
The following day, miscellaneous posts on social media networks started circulating news about his death from massive heart failure due to excessive steroid use or human growth hormone.
Math tests the cure, and it works, making him the 24th human.
Falk's annual report, delivered to the Human Rights Council on June 9, 2013, called for an international investigation into Israeli treatment of Palestinian prisoners.
The average number of new cases of PKU varies in different human populations.
EN 149 tests the inward leakage between the mask and face, where 10 human subjects perform 5 exercises each.
for the clinical elevation of human chorionic gonadotrophic hormone levels.
The NRC also recommended that CCSP should expand its traditional focus on atmospheric sciences to better understand the impacts, adaptation, and the human dimension of climate change.
His work on Cantometrics gave rise to further comparative studies of aspects of human communication in relation to culture, including: Choreometrics, Parlametrics, Phonotactics (an analysis of vowel frequency in speech), and Minutage (a study of breath management).
Workers never become autonomous, self-realized human beings in any significant sense, except in the way the bourgeoisie wants the worker to be realized.
The UN Human Rights Committee has expressed concern about gender inequality in Finnish working life.
Official estimates of the incidence of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) have been very low (830 cases were officially reported as of February 2006, but the actual number was estimated at 10 times that many).
Other benefits of ceasing human reproduction that he cites include the end of abortion, war, and starvation.
Several pseudokinase-containing families are found in the human kinome, including the Tribbles pseudokinases, which are at the interface between kinase and ubiquitin E3 ligase signalling.
During the Holocene climatic optimum, beginning about 9,000 years ago, human populations which had been geographically confined to refugia began to migrate.
In the United States, the geographic location most remote from human trails, roads, or settlements is found here, at the headwaters of the Sheenjek River.
Following Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson's pledge that "no one should be discriminated against because of their sexual orientation", and that the government will seek a review of the buggery law (which did not happen), LGBT rights campaigner Maurice Tomlinson filed a case against Jamaica at the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights in February 2012.
LGBTQ rights advocates in the U.S., including the Human Rights Campaign, were critical of the vote.
In 2014, the Human Rights Commission published a report, The Forgotten Children, into children in Australian detention, both onshore and on Christmas Island, for the period January 2013 to September 2014 — covering the period of Labor and Coalition governments.
The microbiome depletion hypothesis posits that the absence of an entire class of organisms from the human inner ecology is a profound evolutionary mismatch that destabilizes the immune system, resulting in disease: The microbiome is "depleted".
The Omo I fossils indicate more modern traits, while studies of the postcranial remains of Omo II indicate an overall modern human morphology with some primitive features.
Her documentary film Niyamgiri, You are still alive, on the ecological and human damage done by bauxite mining, won a first prize in the Short Film, Environment category at the 2010 International Film Festival of India.
The American Association of Cereal Chemists (AACC) defines soluble fiber as "the edible parts of plants or similar carbohydrates resistant to digestion and absorption in the human small intestine with complete or partial fermentation in the large intestine".
But I really didn’t know anything beyond that of any substance..."  He added, "Once I got into their lives and into all that they went through and the truly admirable human qualities that they personified, I would have wanted to write the book even if they hadn't succeeded in inventing the flying machine."
More generally, the loss or disruption to tern colonies caused by human activities has caused declines in many species.
Human Rights Watch says that cluster bombs are used in the region.
In partnership with the World Bank Institute and the Brookings Institution and supported by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Media Map project analyzes and publishes data on the interrelations between information access and outcomes in democracy and governance, economic growth, poverty reduction, human rights, gender equality, and health.
Sacred areas taboo from human entry to fishing and hunting are known by many ancient cultures worldwide.
In the 1860s, excavations by General Rivers uncovered a large number of human skulls and almost no other bones in the bed of the Walbrook.
Titanium's propensity to form an oxide layer on its surface prevents corrosion of surfaces that are in contact with human tissues because the surface oxides minimize diffusion of metal ions from the bulk material to the surface.
The main character is named Ariel Gore—the author's own name, and her story closely follows a period of several years in the author's real life, covered in her earlier memoirs, Atlas of the Human Heart and End of Eve.
Ubud artists made more use of open spaces and emphasized human figures.
Donors of human cells and tissues other than organs, such as corneas or reproductive tissue like semen, are ineligible for five years after the most recent contact.
He began his defence by an exaltation of the reign of Louis XIV, “true Appollo of French Parnassus, who walked down the history of human spirit, next to Augustus and Alexander the Great”.
Bernasko appeared before the National Reconciliation Commission to answer allegations of abuse of human rights while serving as Central Regional Commissioner in the NRC military regime.
Two human polls comprised the 1967 NCAA University Division football rankings.
The rights of all children from early childhood stem from the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Larson previously served on the board of directors for the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission (IGLHRC, now OutRight Action International) from 2007 to 2013, and was co-chair of the board for the majority of that period.
The increasing number of human visitors and also manatees has increased the environmental load on the spring's ecosystem.
Human rights was an issue that curved Morocco–EU relationships for decades.
Although Canadian human rights protection does not explicitly include breastfeeding, a 1989 Supreme Court of Canada decision (Brooks v. Safeway Canada) set the precedent for pregnancy as a condition unique to women and that thus discrimination on the basis of pregnancy is a form of sex discrimination.
The behavior of the Peruvian Government during the uprising in the prison led to censure by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights.
They were examined by CSU Chico's Human Identification Laboratory.
1999 – The Human Resources Administration of the City of New York, for training welfare recipients to work as telephone psychics.
Marx concluded that religion is not the basis of the establishment's power, but rather ownership of capital—processes that employ technologies, land, money and especially human labor-power to create surplus-value—lie at the heart of the establishment's power.
He also served on the Health and Human Services review team for the Obama-Biden transition in 2008.
The CAI made a public appeal signed by Claudio Treves and Giuseppe Emanuele Modigliani (PSLI), Pietro Nenni and Angelica Balabanoff (PSI), Fernando Schiavetti and Mario Pistocchi (Italian Republican Party), Bruno Buozzi and Felice Quaglino (CGdL) and by Alceste De Ambris (Italian League for Human Rights, Lega italiana dei diritti dell'uomo, LIDU).
He has served as a sex industry consultant, educator and academic author and lectures both nationally and internationally about human sexuality and health.
But the carving one is accustomed to see in hotels or on board the modern ocean palace is in the main the work of the machine, often with finishing work done by human workers.
The Minimum System configuration of Fuji was essentially just a reentry capsule with a human spaceflight endurance of 24 hours.
35/2001 – Human Rights Commission (Amendment) Act 2001
As its title indicated, this work aimed to bring together “the substance of all the dictionaries […] the summary of human knowledge".
In conclusion, one can see how socioeconomic drivers at any level play a role in the consequences of human actions on the environment.
According to a report of Institute Of Human Development Studies, among the upper-backwards, castes like  Kushwahas and Kurmis earn Rs 18,811 and Rs 17,835 respectively as their average per capita income, which is slight lesser than those earned by upper-caste, who earn 20,655 as their average per capita income.
The history of Evansville, Indiana spans hundreds of years, with thousands of years of human habitation.
As morning comes, Thomas comments on the nature of faith and what it means to truly be human.
In 2006, the UM Human Powered Submarine Team won the International Submarine Races.
This is applicable to human cancer research, because alkylating agents are used extensively in chemotherapy and other cancer treatments.
 Aryl hydrocarbon receptor nuclear translocator, a human gene
"Bao's Monkeys Evoke Human Moods."
Human trafficking is the illegal transportation of kidnapped women, children, and men across international borders in order to put them into slavery at the destination.
Since the 2002 legal case, Siegel has become a recognized policy expert relating to stem cell research, regenerative medicine and human cloning.
She has appeared in Da Vinci's Inquest (1998 - 2005), Smallville (2001), Sacred, Out for a Kill (2003), Alien Lockdown (2004) and Human Cargo (2004), and  as well as other films and TV episodes.
Some methods are focusing different parts or aspects of the energy/matter flows or the causal chains, where flow models like MFA or LCA  deals with the more or less human controlled societal flows while, e.g.
During these years, many artists started to use the human body as their material.
MILPAH has been the subject of human rights campaigns from Amnesty International.
A single human poll represents the 1978–79 AIAW Division I women's basketball rankings, the AP Poll, in addition to various publications' preseason polls.
This is the first point in the movie where human speech is first heard in the form of a Kurdish song:
Ultron then copies Pym's method of replicating human brainwaves and, in recognition of his being inspired by the Grim Reaper, bases his creation's personality program on the brainwave patterns of Wonder Man.
For example, a given genotype+phenotype in a mouse model must imitate the genomic underpinnings of a phenotype observed in a human.
In November 2019,  two groups of legal scholars and human rights activists called on Thomson Reuters to cease providing U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Palantir Technologies access to information through Westlaw, which has enabled the deportation of illegal immigrants.
The castle was built on the ruins of a Celtic oppidum, on a site where human presence dates back to Neolithic times.
Epinephrine is produced in small groups of neurons in the human brain which express PNMT; these neurons project from a nucleus that is adjacent (ventrolateral) to the area postrema and from a nucleus in the dorsal region of the solitary tract.
Dr. Wang had realized that the creature had a human host and asked Biotrog to find the creature (KF#87).
The complaint was heard in front of the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal, which ruled that there was no comparator group available to differentiate the welfare services on-reserve First Nations children received.
Personality Structure and Human Interaction, Hogarth Press.
Her analyses cover topics such as how extremists justify attacks such as the Montauban shootings, describe the networks of Islamism in the West and their financing, and discuss the human rights records of those who finance extremist clerics, for example the case of Raif Badawi.
By June of 2 BC, nine months later, the human gestation period, Jupiter had continued moving in its orbit around the sun and appeared in close conjunction with Venus in June of 2 BC.
The painting shows Jesus from the viewpoint of God the Father (from above); Saunders was suspended from the ceiling to allow Dalí to visualize the human body under the stress of crucifixion.
According to this view, there is something like 'the real chair', which exists in some external reality and corresponds roughly with a concept in human thought, chair, to which the linguistic word "chair" refers.
Autophagy is induced in human cervical carcinoma cells, or HeLa cells by convallatoxin blocking the mTOR signalling pathway.
Human Rights Watch stated that the names of the rapists were known and "witnesses were said to be available".
Security and Human Rights is published quarterly and covers issues related to the work and principles of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe.
The sensorimotor cortex is organized as discrete "maps" of the human body.
Aside from monsters, various human vehicles such as warships, gunships, fighter jets, and tanks also serve as enemies in the game.
When the three birds land on a nearby ship, they regain their human forms of maidens.
 Anthony Housefather (BCL, LLB 1993) – current Member of Parliament for Mount Royal, Quebec and Chairman of the House of Commons Standing Committee on Justice and Human Rights
Both paintings evoke ideas of human origins (world beginnings,  evolution) an increasingly important theme in Paris at this time.
For example, there is no statutory right to bail in Northern Irish legislation as there is in the Bail Act 1976 - though the principle is enshrined in the common law and supported by the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) grounds for objection to bail.
Founded in 1981 as the American Association of Physicians for Human Rights, GLMA "came out of the closet" and changed its name in 1994 to the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association.
A Judean seal from the 8th century BCE depicts them as flying asp (snake), yet having human characteristics, as encountered by Isaiah in his commissioning as a prophet.
Studying ancient cultures may reveal evidence about the history of the human race and shed more light on our origin and successive cultural development.
Other Scientology campaigns, such as "Youth for Human Rights International" are active as well.
tend to be about human foibles while haiku tend to be about nature, and  are often cynical or darkly humorous while haiku are more serious.
The "List of alleged perpetrators" of the 2007/2008 post-electoral violence of the Kenya National Human Rights Commission however lists her among the suspects on place 1 (page 177) and charges her with "planning and incitement to violence".
Most of the time vittror are rather distant and do not meddle in human affairs, but are fearsome when enraged.
As a result, after drinking Spider-Man's blood, Morbius became human again and did not need to feed on blood again for some time.
 Kate Eastman  – human rights lawyer and academic
The gopuram of the Karuppa swamy shrine depicts the passionate side of human relationship in the form of beautiful statues.
Unlike the Youkai, however, the nature of these rumours is foreign and unsettling, scaring the human children (although most of adults regard it is as simple child's play).
Krajewski, Bruce: "The Musical Horizon of Religion: Hans Blumenberg's Matthäuspassion," History of the Human Sciences 6.4 (1993): 81-95.
Lummaa is currently the Principal Investigator of both the Human Life History Group based at the University of Turku and the Myanmar Timber Elephant Project.
Believing that the human race as it currently existed would destroy Earth, he had sunk the city while also using the DNA sample he took from Aquaman to convert most of the residents into water-breathers.
Despite the magnitude of this "Firefall", human politics soon return to normal.
Because hummocks can both form and disintegrate rapidly (well within a human lifetime) they are an ideal landform to monitor for medium range environmental change.
Human poisoning due to the consumption of rye bread made from ergot-infected grain was common in Europe in the Middle Ages.
The mouse CD79A gene, then called mb-1, was cloned in the late 1980s, followed by the discovery of human CD79A in the early 1990s.
We are human," Viktorenko responded.
The sign can display 281 trillion colors, significantly more than the human eye can distinguish.
He was also Justice minister in 1976 when Canada abolished capital punishment, and when the Canadian Human Rights Act was amended to require equal pay for equal work regardless of gender.
In some countries, human excreta is still collected from certain types of toilet (such as bucket toilets and pit latrines) without mechanical equipment and without personal protective equipment.
Barefoot running rarely features heel strike because the impact can be painful, the human heel pad not absorbing much of the force of impact.
Risk Group 2 : (moderate individual risk, low community risk) A pathogen that can cause human or animal disease but is unlikely to be a serious hazard to laboratory workers, the community, livestock or the environment.
Studies in spinach, mice, various human cell lines, and rats have shown that MWCNT exposure is associated with oxidative damage, increased apoptosis, chromosome damage, and necrosis.
On July 22, 2005, the opening track from Asylum of the Human Predator, "Godspeed to Your Deathbed," reached #1 on the Comcast Music Choice network, beating out such bands as Nevermore, As I Lay Dying and A Life Once Lost.
Peter learns from an old acquaintance the identity of one of the Iraqi doctors; he tells them the project was meant to cure soldiers exposed to a fatal chemical, but it failed to work, instead turning remaining survivors into human bombs.
RWI is also offer a Master's Degree specialised in Human Rights in collaboration with the University of Lund.
The Human Plant () is a Canadian animated feature film, directed by Pierre Hébert and released in 1996.
He also said "I was just genuinely excited by the science and way these observations about human nature and the ways we're influenced without knowing it were coming out of the lab and being used to shape real world outcomes.
The Loch Arthur Community at Beeswing, run by the Camphill Village Trust, is a working farm with dairy, gardens and supported accommodation where people with learning disabilities live alongside volunteers in a way that 'recognises the dignity and uniqueness of each human being and does not distinguish between those who are called disabled and those who are not'.
By peeling away these women's personas, I show that there is a human being behind the characters they play.
However, according to Marx, the achievement of abstract thinking about human labour, and the ability to quantify it, is closely related to the historical development of economic exchange in general, and more specifically commodity trade (the trade in wares and merchandise).
The Van Gurjars have had conflicts with forest authorities, who prohibited human and livestock populations inside reserved parks.
Ackerman recalled that "on the other side of this gate spread out like an intellectual smorgasbord as the SUM TOTAL OF HUMAN KNOWLEDGE!"
The U.S. Department of State mentioned Mendoza in its 2008 Human Rights report as denial of a fair public trial.
Its stated scope is to report "on studies in human subjects, both healthy volunteers and patients, which relate the effects of drugs on psychological processes".
Annual monsoon flooding results in the loss of human life, damage to property and communication systems, and a shortage of drinking water, which leads to the spread of disease.
Both are found in Asia, Africa and Latin America, particularly on farms in which pigs are exposed to human excrement.
They experience emotions just like human beings, and despite this their minds are rational.
Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have shown that UK arms are being used on civilian targets.
The coronal ridge is the part of the human penis thought to have evolved to allow for semen displacement.
November 23 - Ishmael Beah, Siera Leonean author and human rights activist
The AMDH believes that the respect for human rights will only be achieved if all the people, including the victims of the violations, and not just the elites, work for it together.
Demanding answers from Sakai, the Gosei Angels realize that Sakai Entertainment's staff and every other human there is emitting a black mist, the darkness in their hearts, it's feeding the cloud bank, and it's tied to the Bibi Bugs.
One suggestion was to disband the Bereitschaftspolizei, Vienna's riot police, as they have frequently been involved with human rights violations and situations of police brutality.
However, "Zmei Gorynych" is not consistently beast-like, and he may appear in the guise of a human thoroughout in some works (See §Milk of Wild Beasts, §Dobrynya and Marinka) below.
Like Alexander, Salingaros has proposed an alternative theoretical approach to architecture and urbanism that is more adaptive to human needs and aspirations, and that combines rigorous scientific analysis with deep intuitive experience.
If alien microbial life exists on Europa, human immune systems may not protect against it.
The similar motor constraints on human and avian song may have driven these to have similar song structures, including "arch-shaped and descending melodic contours in musical phrases", long notes at the ends of phrases, and typically small differences in pitch between adjacent notes, at least in birds with a strong song structure like the Eurasian treecreeper Certhia familiaris.
Jason was selected by the FDAA to undergo gene therapy treatments that gave him superstrength and invulnerability, but with a built in weakness: Jason had the pain receptors of a normal human, so that if he was subjected to enough pain he would die even if his skin remained unbroken.
For his work on the film, Lazin received the National Education Association's Virginia Uribe Award for Creative Leadership in Human Rights, the NEA's highest annual civil rights honor.
Additionally, an imbalance of DSBs and DNA repair molecules for neuronal-activity genes has been linked to the development of various human neurodegenerative diseases including Alzheimer’s disease (AD), Parkinson’s disease (PD), and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
He taught courses on Fundamental Moral Theology, The Moral Theology of the Gift, Biomedical Ethics, Bioethics for Nurses, Peace and War, Human Rights, Probabilism and Conscience, and Problems of Bioethics.
Since then he has been repeatedly arrested for his human rights activities.
Represented as Indian delegate in International Parliamentary Conference on Human Rights in the Houses of London, U.K. (2-6 Feb. 2015)
That is what forced human groups to remain dispersed and mobile, as is reflected in the lithic technology, as tiny blades were typically manufactured, often termed microblades less than 8 mm wide with unusually sharp edges indicating frugality from low resource levels.
He held that axioms in geometry should be chosen for the results they produce, not for their apparent coherence with human intuitions about the physical world.
According to him, behavioral modernity, depends not only upon ATD and Illusions, but also upon the neuro-physiology that explains the pain, relief, pleasure, memory, anticipation, and other rival contenders for the very limited attentional span of human animals.
In developing and continuously maintaining MedDRA, ICH endeavours to facilitate the exchange of clinical information through a single standardized international medical terminology that can be used for regulatory communication and evaluation of data pertaining to medicinal products for human use.
Although half-elves in D&D are a large group, in classic mythology and in Tolkien there were only a small group of them, most notably Elrond who have both Elf and Human blood.
He also has received a number of literary awards, including being highly commended for the Human Rights Awards, and winner of the Walter McRae Russell Award.
: Essays on Censorship (1991), and also wrote the 1998 and 1999 annual reports on human rights violations in Nigeria.
Nathaniel C. Comfort, Professor at the Institute of the History of Medicine at the Johns Hopkins University, published in his 2012 book, The Science of Human Perfection: How Genes Became the Heart of American Medicine, "The eugenic impulse drives us to eliminate disease, live longer and healthier, with greater intelligence, and a better adjustment to the conditions of society."
A powerful and virtuous young man of exceptional human quality, passionate for his duty of protecting peace and justice and with a heart burning with loyalty towards Athena, Aiolia was regarded, along Scorpio Milo, as the pride of Sanctuary.
A greater variety of natural landscapes and wildlife have been at least partially preserved in the mountains surrounding the basin where human settlement has been less intensive.
Understanding human biology has enabled and fostered a wider understanding of mammalian biology and by extension, the biology of all living organisms.
Their model was also used in designing the Human Genome Project and continues to play an important role in DNA sequencing.
An Essay Concerning Human Understanding by John Locke (1689)
Since 8 May 1967 salt for human or animal use must be iodised, according to the Law 17,259.
It is equipped with sensors and computing systems, the MUSCLE is programmed to respond to human visitors.
It is also important to note that individuals bring to interactions certain requirements that reflect basic human needs, expectations about behavior based on social norms, and desires for interaction based on goals and personal preferences (Burgoon, Stern & Dillman, 1995).
Aircraft propulsion may be achieved by specially designed aircraft engines, adapted auto, motorcycle or snowmobile engines, electric engines or even human muscle power.
During the 1980s, Howard ran writing seminars for staff members at the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, and the Internal Revenue Service.
All the peoples of the world belong to one human family.
Today the building is known as McKenny Hall and is home to veteran services, human resources, and career services.
In human beings, the youth often outperform adults on certain memory tasks.
Soundscape ecology is the study of the acoustic relationships between living organisms, human and other, and their environment, whether the organisms are marine or terrestrial.
She worked on a human rights programme for the government from 1993 to 2003.
 The Human Brain: A Guided Tour by Susan Adele Greenfield
There is scope to acquire Certificate Course in addition to Degree and Diploma ie Diploma in Journalism and Mass communication, Diploma in Human Rights, Diploma in computer Application 
One of the active compounds of hoasca is DMT, which is produced by the human body and in many plants.
KZ Musik which consists of the recording of the musical corpus created in places of captivity, deportation and deprivation of human rights from the opening of the Dachau and Börgermoor camps until liberation at the end of the Second World War and on the Eurasian (May 1945) and the Pacific (August 1945) sides.
She had the financial support of the church to write a biography of Eddy which it hoped would counter the McClure's narrative, and which appeared in Human Life magazine only a month behind Milmine and Cather's work.
Hutchinson supported a form of eugenics that espoused the importance of animal protein in the human diet.
Forest and river habitats in the watershed have been heavily affected by human activities ever since Gold Rush mining began in the 1800s.
Earlier in 1986, Kahn had learned that he was infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), "which was then a death sentence".
A galactosemia test is a blood test (from the heel of the infant) or urine test that checks for three enzymes that are needed to change galactose sugar that is found in milk and milk products into glucose, a sugar that the human body uses for energy.
Although unusual, consumption of oxalates (for example, the grazing of animals on oxalate-containing plants such as Bassia hyssopifolia, or human consumption of wood sorrel or, specifically in excessive quantities, black tea) may result in kidney disease or even death due to oxalate poisoning.
Centres, Units & Institutes in the faculty include the Centre for Advanced Corporate & Insolvency Law, Centre for Child Law, Centre for Human Rights, Centre for Intellectual Property Law, Centre for Medicine & Law, Institute for International and Comparative Law in Africa and Sports Law Centre in Africa.
Peter M. Vitousek, Paul R. Ehrlich, Anne H. Ehrlich and Pamela A. Matson (1986) Human Appropriation of the Products of Photosynthesis.
There is also a theme of the human condition when considering the old man and how he is not seen as angelic because of his earthly qualities.
Human Traffic Jams: Demos and Acoustic Versions, self-release, 2018
The scope of application of this science and its importance in diverse human activities from his everyday life to profound and challenging researches and explorations is ever on the rise.
The German Foundation for World Population reported in December 2019 that the global human population grows by 2.6 people every second, and could reach 8 billion by 2023.
It created refugees amongst both the human and supernatural populations.
He goes on to describe the human and animal life to be observed in and around the lagoons in his own day, based on his excursions (sometimes with his friend John Addington Symonds) in a sandolo called Fisole, which had orange sails decorated with a fleur-de-lis.
During the 2006 Vans Warped Tour in Toronto, Jeff Beaulieu conducted an interview about human rights with Pat Thetic of Anti-Flag.
Despite being human, Eva seems to have inherited her father's agelessness as well.
There were no allusions about any permanent human settlements in there, which can be associated with the modern village Kotliarka, at that time.
The term has thus moved away from its original connotation of "cultural influences" to include all effects of the environment, including; indeed, a substantial source of environmental input to human nature may arise from stochastic variations in prenatal development and is thus in no sense of the term "cultural".
Finding a file is easy as to color-coded tabs easily lead the human eye to the appropriate location in the filing system.
At the end of the report, Human Rights Watch also provided recommendations to Congress, the Department of Homeland Security, and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) on how to improve the safety of transgender individuals in detention.
Arbitrarily depriving an individual of their liberty is prohibited by the United Nations' division for human rights.
Navalny was charged with violating a suspended sentence he received in 2014 while he was in Germany, a sentence that the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) in 2017 previously ruled as "arbitrary and unreasonable".
Alkarama also works for a strong international system of human rights protection, which reinforces the regional, national, and local protection systems.
English monarchs issued that colonists should spread Christianity "to those [who] as yet live in Darkness and miserable Ignorance of the true Knowledge and Worship of God, [and] to bring the Infidels and Savages, living in those parts, to human civility, and to a settled and quiet Government."
In February 2014, the Belfast independent poetry press, Lapwing published his sequence of 25 poems, Jazz Time; a work that explores the improvisatory nature of life, being human, and the redemptive power of music.
He received the Gairdner Foundation International Award in 1998 for his contributions to medical science and was selected jointly with Douglas C. Wallace for the 2000 Passano Award "for their landmark contributions to the mitochondrial genome project and their development of innovative methods for studying mitochondrial genetics and human disease".
Teaming up with producer Jamie King (Between the Buried and Me, The Human Abstract), the band set out to create a modern take on the classic progressive concept album.
He appears to be using his job to gather information about the human race to aid the planned invasion.
In physics, the term "ultrasound" applies to all acoustic energy with a frequency above the audible range of human hearing.
If we do not think we have to surrender our bodies for money, because that is not God's good will for the human, we can not support this practice."
Alicaforsen (an antisense inhibitor which targets the messenger RNA for the production of human ICAM-1 protein) was evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial, which did not meet the co-primary endpoints in the primary analysis (an adaptation of the Mayo Score of improvement in endoscopic remission and bowel frequency).
 October 23, 2015: The Tribunal, in partnership with the Bar of Quebec, organized a seminar entitled "Le Tribunal des droits de la personne : 25 ans d’expérience en matière d’égalité" (The Human Rights Tribunal: 25 years of Experience in Matters of Equality).
 HRMC: Human Resource Management Competencies
John Scott Haldane designed a decompression chamber in 1907 to help make deep-sea divers safer and he produced the first decompression tables for the Royal Navy in 1908 after extensive experiments with animals and human subjects.
Similarly to Jews, Muslims explicitly reject the divinity of Jesus and don't believe in him as the incarnated God or Son of God, but instead consider him a human prophet and the promised Messiah sent by God, although the Islamic tradition itself is not unanimous on the question of Jesus' death and afterlife.
Key Texts in Human Geography.
The flaw in Crabbe's poetry, however, is, according to Hazlitt, that, with all its detail, it misses much of life, emphasising much too heavily the oppressive and the squalid, along with the mean and malicious tendencies of human nature.
Sachar led a team of human rights activists who visited them in jail on 15 September 2004 and persuaded them to end the hunger strike.
This pathway is exploited in metabolic engineering to net generate succinate for human use.
Ales Bialiatski (, sometimes transliterated as Ales Bialacki, Ales Byalyatski, Alies Bialiacki and Alex Belyatsky) is a Belarusian civic leader and former prisoner of conscience known for his work with the Human Rights Centre “Viasna”.
She stated that the reports of ill-treatment during and after detention are "disturbing", reminding the Belarusian Government "of the absolute prohibition on torture and other ill-treatment of detainees", the detaining of bystanders and minors suggesting a trend of massive arrests in clear violation of international human rights standards.
The One Health Initiative is an interdisciplinary movement to create collaborations between animal, human, and environmental health organizations including the American Veterinary Medical Association, American Medical Association, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States Department of Agriculture, Vétérinaires sans Frontières/ Tierärzte ohne Grenzen and the United States National Environmental Health Association, among others.
Visiting Professor of Human Rights Chair at Georgetown University (Washington, DC).
The artwork is an  piece which he custom-made for the tunnel, featuring a combination of human silhouettes and light effects.
Many crop circles show human symbols, like the heart and arrow symbol of love, and stereotyped alien faces.
There is however a disconnection between these laws and everyday life experiences, as we do not find it necessary (nor even theoretically possible) to know exactly at a microscopic level the simultaneous positions and velocities of each molecule while carrying out processes at the human scale (for example, when performing a chemical reaction).
Journal of Human Evolution 38, 497-521.
Emergency Infant Services (EIS) is a Tulsa, Oklahoma based Nonprofit organization specifically focused on meeting the basic human needs of infants and children under five years old.
The character of the Artilleryman entertains the possibility of taking down and studying a fighting-machine and building new ones with human pilots to repel the invaders.
On 5 January 2016 a Candlelight vigil was held in Ladakh by Buddhist, Christian and Muslim (Shia & Sunni) communities of Leh and Kargil to demonstrate their solidarity with human rights and voice against Nimr's execution.
Though the metabolism of glucose through glycolysis uses many of the same enzymes and intermediate structures as those in fructolysis, the two sugars have very different metabolic fates in human metabolism.
They are usually not able to mimic the human perfectly, thus there are various ways to reveal them.
 73-GS-36 VOTED:  The General Synod adopts as amended the statement on “The Rights and Responsibilities of Christians Regarding Human Death.”
 Book: David Quammen for his book Spillover: Animal Infections and the Next Human Pandemic (W.W. Norton)
HackingTeam has been criticized for selling its products and services to governments with poor human rights records, including Sudan, Bahrain, Venezuela, and Saudi Arabia.
This case brought increased focus on Iran from human rights groups abroad.
His comments were widely criticized in The Daily Beast, Time and other outlets, with The Guardian commenting that Yglesias is "confusing a person's human worth with their socio-economic status.
The profession has also long expressed a global perspective on human rights.
In addition to her entertainment work, she is an advocate for women's empowerment, gender equality, sustainability, people with disabilities, the environment, human trafficking and youth at risks.
Two human polls comprised the 1988 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings.
Corbyn was suspended from Labour following findings on unlawful action from a Equality and Human Rights Commission report.
  Solar Storms: 2000 years of human calamity,2015,CreateSpace,
Part of the island – most of Middle Vilm and all of Little Vilm – is strictly closed to all human presence.
Gat's War in Human Civilization, published in 2006 by the Oxford University Press, was named one of the best books of the year by The Times Literary Supplement.
In appraising the experienced world, Samkhya understood it as composed mostly of prakrti (nature, unconscious matter), but also of purusa (the human soul aware).
Williams on Human Constitutional rights
In the early 1990s the gene causing SCA1 was localized to the human leukocyte antigen complex on chromosome 6 and by 1993, ataxin 1 was identified as the causative gene.
Because condensation is a naturally occurring phenomenon, it can often be used to generate water in large quantities for human use.
The film deals with the harsh realities of human trafficking and child prostitution, which continue behind closed curtains in rural areas of India.
Some species can imitate the human voice and other sounds, although they do not have vocal cords — instead possessing a vocal organ at the base of the trachea known as the syrinx.
As a result, Digitaria exilis can serve as a perennial crop to provide the human species with food security in the future.
An unnamed woman (a human "flapper" character, in contrast to the rest of the cast, who are anthropomorphic animals) is making a withdrawal from a bank.
On 27 August 2015, the Justice and Human Rights Committee announced it would enact a civil union law for same-sex couples.
"[W]e should take the slave by the hand, placing a musket in it, and bid him in God's name strike for the liberty of the human race", Cochrane said.
For Berlin, this clashing of incommensurate values within, no less than between, individuals, constitutes the tragedy of human life.
No and yes : on the genesis of human communication.
Major examples include human HeLa, the line is derived from cervical cancer cells taken on February 8, 1951 from Henrietta Lacks, a 31-year-old African-American mother of five, who died of cancer on October 4, 1951.
The novella ends with Kurtz dying on the trip back and the narrator musing about the darkness of the human psyche: "the heart of an immense darkness".
This leads to ecosystem changes, forest fires, floods and hazards to human health.
Eventually, Lapis learns of his destiny, which is to liberate the twelve mine states with the help of mystical guardians and human comrades.
The Vulgate Cycle and the Prose Tristan describe him as "the son of the Fair Giantess" (fils de la Bele Jaiande), given the name Bagotta in La Tavola Ritonda, and the evil human lord Brunor, both of whom are later killed by Tristan who takes over their castle.
A Human Being Died That Night is a 2003 book by Pumla Gobodo-Madikizela.
Human rights groups have criticized the UN and accused its Secretary General António Guterres of ignoring evidence of grave violations.
In 1970, Volpin joined the Committee on Human Rights in the USSR and worked with Yuri Orlov, Andrei Sakharov and other activists.
Recalling her practices in the 60s, Kishimoto later wrote, “I believed that ART could not serve its original role and function as the releasing machine to uplift the mind of the viewer unless I completely broke with my narcissism as a woman and a human being.
Creation myths about human gender 
He served as a member of the Committee on Human Rights, Minority, Civic and Religious Affairs from 2002 to 2010.
In the moral economy of the economics tradition broadly, economic rent is opposed to producer surplus, or normal profit, both of which are theorized to involve productive human action.
MCV is genetically most closely related to the African green monkey lymphotropic polyomavirus (formerly known as African green monkey lymphotropic papovavirus), which is consistent with MCV coevolving with human primates.
This was presumably the result of a local carver with access to an ornament pattern book such as those by Hans Vredeman de Vries; the two human heads still look distinctly medieval.
Max is the only character in the human world who can fully see Vanessa for who she really is and is seen growling furiously at her during her and Eric's wedding, and she kicks him directly in the face.
Because of his human heritage, he was banished to the "Scum Pits of Ur" where he was to die, but instead defeated every creature that attacked him.
He began as a playwright in 1952 with the play "El Sectario" about the aberration of the faith in the human spirit.
The more destructive forms of human disturbances are land use changes such as fragmentation, selective logging, and the conversion to secondary forest habitat.
Human remains and artifacts such as obsidian blades have been found at the Tlapacoya site that has been dated as far back as 20,000 BC, when the valley was semi-arid and contained species like camels, bison and horses that could be hunted by man.
Instead of seeing scientific knowledge as the means of human redemption, he regarded it as the greatest obstacle to redemption.
A stretch of the estuary by the village Aginaga is known for its baby eels, bred and harvested for human consumption before they grow up, providing for a much appreciated and dearly paid delicacy, while they were totally neglected just some decades ago.
This gene is mapped in close proximity to APXL (Apical protein Xenopus laevis-like) and OA1 (Ocular albinism type I), which are both located on the human X chromosome at band p22.3.
He currently sits on the advisory board of The International Center for Ethics, Justice and Public Life at Brandeis University and on the boards of the Human Rights Institute of the International Bar Association and the International Science Programme.
State-owned radio stations have also donated airtime to an NGO in the highlands to broadcast messages on how to identify and avoid human trafficking situations.
They all have machine intelligence, and their sizes range from that of an asteroid, in the case of an automated repair and construction base, down to human size (and shape) or smaller.
Discussion includes the kelp forest, marine mammals, human influence on our marine habitat and related ecosystems, threats to the bay, and ideas for conservation and preservation.
Executive Order 12898 requires that each federal agency conduct its program, policies, and activities that substantially affect human health or the environment in a manner that does not exclude persons based on race, color, or national origin.
Niacinamide increases the biosynthesis of ceramides in human keratinocytes in vitro and improves the epidermal permeability barrier in vivo.
The other limit established was his best estimate of the average human body temperature, originally set at 90 °F, then 96 °F (about 2.6 °F less than the modern value due to a later redefinition of the scale).
It necessitates our attention to the utter dependence of human welfare on the integrity of ecological support structures.
Krylov's main scientific focuses are psychoanalytical anthropology, human identity, communication and social change.
All human emotions—love, friendship, envy, concern for one’s fellow man, compassion, longing for fame, honesty—had left us with the flesh that had melted from our bodies...."
A special "Mars Excursion Module" would be the only remaining vehicle necessary for a human Mars landing.
Furthermore, geoarchaeologists or environmental archaeologists would also consider a sequence of natural geological or organic deposition, in the absence of human activity, to constitute a site worthy of study.
Gilmar Eitelwein, in a review for Zero Hora, said that "Índios' lyrics are very good" and, when describing another track, "Andrea Doria", said it too "attacks human falsehood found around every corner".
On 2 November 2018, Hale delivered an SLS Centenary Lecture at the University of Essex, United Kingdom, on the topic of "All Human Beings?
It can danger the human because if dealt with to much pressure the person with the prosthetic can suffer severe pain.
The Human Jungle (1963–64) (TV series) - director
The major area of concern was the prison network although it has been acknowledged that Cameroon had made some progress in improving its human rights performance.
According to a state government task force, Toledo has been identified as the fourth-largest recruitment site for human trafficking in the US.
Film critic Pamela Troy liked the acting in the film and wrote, "Much more than a whistle blowing thriller, this beautifully made film is a powerful critique of profit-making over concern for human life."
Rat Cerebral cortex neurons and human neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells become apoptotic when treated with micromolar levels of 15-d-Δ12,14-PGJ2; this effect appears due to the ability of 15-d-Δ12,15-PGJ2 to inhibit the Phosphoinositide 3-kinase pathway of cell signaling.
In parliament, he has since been serving on the Subcommittee on Human Rights.
Dating evidence suggests that human occupation of Buldir Island was not continuous.
The third basket involved commitments to improve the human context of family reunions, marriages and travel.
Human ingroup bonding: Oxytocin can increase positive attitudes, such as bonding, toward individuals with similar characteristics, who then become classified as "in-group" members, whereas individuals who are dissimilar become classified as "out-group" members.
The reunion of the mothers of each "race" within this human evolutionary framework, Blier maintains, also constitutes the larger "philosophy" behind the painting's original le bordel philosophique title – evoking the potent "mess" and "complex situation" (le bordel) that Picasso was exploring in this work.
Soyuz T-5 was a human spaceflight into Earth orbit  to the then new Salyut 7 space station in 1982.
This puts the government in breach of its human rights obligations.
Project Free was established in 2005, which initiative to end human trafficking and assist Asian trafficking survivors.
The report includes a list of "State Enemies of the Internet", Bahrain, China, Iran, Syria, and Vietnam, countries whose governments are involved in active, intrusive surveillance of news providers, resulting in grave violations of freedom of information and human rights.
Whilst Echo Records was formed to provide an outlet by new and independent developing acts, Papillon Records was set up as a competitor to such groups as Eagle Rock Entertainment and Sanctuary Records signing 'heritage acts' - that is already long term recording artists with large, loyal fanbases - such as The Human League and Deacon Blue.
Nudity has more social connotations, and particularly in the fine arts, positive associations with the beauty of the human body.
The Institute for Justice & Democracy in Haiti, Let Haiti Live, and the Center for Constitutional Rights have recommended immediate changes to recovery efforts to ensure that critical human rights concerns are addressed.
Various religious groups and figures, including Seventh-day Adventists and the theologians Matthew Henry and John Gill, regard the verses of Revelation 8 as symbolic references to past events in human history.
First, is culture uniquely human or shared by other species (most notably, other primates)?
However, human rights can also perform the contrary and protect individuals' choices on personal identity.
 Department of International Law and Human Rights
In many animal disease models of human pathologies it was tested whether the specific blockade of interleukin-6 trans-signaling by the olamkicept protein was superior to a global blockade with an interleukin-6 or an interleukin-6 receptor neutralizing antibody.
Women's Action for New Directions or WAND is a progressive national nonprofit organization that seeks to empower women to act politically to reduce violence and militarism and redirect excessive military resources toward unmet human and environmental needs.
The 1972 short film A Computer Animated Hand by Edwin Catmull and Fred Parke was the first time that computer-generated imagery was used in film to simulate moving human appearance.
These organelles are present in many cellular types throughout the human body.
 2004.09.18 Selected by the Ministry of Human Resources and Education in 2004 as a "University of Excellence with a Distinctive Project."
They dug deeper at several locations, reported evidence of five periods of human settlement.
synthesized a series of 3-O-glycosides of betulinic acid which exhibited a strongly potent in vitro anticancer activity against human cancer cell lines.
In the case of excellent lyrics, music, arrangement, and production, the composition is even more outstanding because this song can capture the key to the human heart."
Under normal usage, after camphor enters the human body, the glucose phosphoric acid dehydrogenase in the normal person's body can be combined with it very quickly and make it become non-toxic material.
"The will of God in regards to human life is expressed by Jesus in the Sermon on the Mount as well as in the Ten Commandments."
Occasionally sculpture with simplified human forms with biblical texts appeared on the lintels.
In March 2006, the International Secretariat of Amnesty International thanked her for her efforts in support of Amnesty’s campaigns, especially her effective use of the internet as a tool for human rights education and mobilisation.
In February 2016, Chan, who is on the Yale-NUS College governing board, delivered a speech defending Singapore's decision to uphold Section 377A at the 24th session of the United Nations Human Rights Council's Universal Periodic Review in Geneva, Switzerland.
Environment plays a major role in effects of the human genetic disease phenylketonuria.
According to Ellul, technique has an impetus which tends to drown out human concerns: "The only thing that matters technically is yield, production.
Kelso has worked on coordination dynamics, the science of coordination and on fundamental mechanisms underlying voluntary movements and their relation to the large-scale coordination dynamics of the human brain.
The party failed in its initial attempt at the political party verification process at the Justice and Human Rights Ministry.
 Meant to honor those in the study of human communication for their lifetime achievements.
 To purify human hearts and minds through Buddhist practice
Olson realized that the homeless woman wanted more than just a sandwich, that she wanted human interaction.
Jerry is understanding and tells Spider-Man that he is only human.
Besides, equipping the students with knowledge for meeting challenges of modern corporate and financial world, the ICSP is also providing commands in the subjects of corporate & business laws, corporate governance, accounting, administration, management, human resource, business ethics and information technology.
The views in Raihman v. Latvia case have been referenced by the UN Human Rights Committee in a later case of Bulgakov v. Ukraine.
In some countries, it is illegal to develop a human embryo for more than 14 days outside a woman's body.
Many conditions of or affecting the human integumentary system have associated abnormalities of the teeth.
Records of the human impact on the Liancourt Rocks before the late 20th century are scarce, although both Japanese and Koreans claim to have felled trees and killed Japanese sea lions there for many decades.
His armor, Siegfried, is a special model with a built in rocket pack to give it short bursts of incredible speed, effectively turning him into a human missile.
- Of all thises and that's, for starters the Jews have to be human.
Foom possesses a gifted intellect and can communicate telepathically (which, in his true form, is his only form of communication), shapeshift into almost any animal and shrink to human size.
In July 1952, Forest Dodrill was the first to use a mechanical pump in a human to bypass the left side of the heart whilst allowing the patient's lungs to oxygenate the blood, in order to operate on the mitral valve.
His personality in the series is mostly the same, Eric Northman is ruthless and does not care much for human life.
The coven's solstice ritual features a human sacrifice on a beach where the victim has to come voluntarily.
Like myths in many other cultures, Egyptian myths serve to justify human traditions and to address fundamental questions about the world, such as the nature of disorder and the ultimate fate of the universe.
Director of the Fiji Human Rights and Anti-Discrimination Commission Ashwin Raj said that "same-sex marriage is not a right" and that there needs to be more clarity on what the Constitution of Fiji states on the issue of same-sex marriage, and that "the priority must be towards addressing discrimination faced by the LGBTI community".
In "The Sontaran Stratagem", the Sontarans are seen to create human clones by growing them in tubs of green fluid.
Inanimate objects can only feature in value relations as tokens of prior human effort, since they are not social beings.
Common disturbances in Japanese temperate rainforests are triggered by typhoons that have a strong influence on both the forests and human populations.
The ranking on the Municipal Human Development Index was 0.733
No human condition has yet been linked to a deficiency in the type I enzyme.
John Parkington  is an Emeritus professor in archaeology and hunter-gatherers, Paleoenvironmental reconstruction and human ecology, prehistoric art, and coastal archaeology.
It also calls for health expertise to help understand how health and well-being can be impacted by human rights violations through measurement and assessment.
The queen delights at this information and tells her daughter-in-law she should burn the snakeskin to keep him in human form for good.
These myths also exploit religion as a powerful force in human society; by controlling the particulars of religion, the Bene Gesserit have a manipulative lever on society in general.
The "Birds Head Haggadah" (German, now in Jerusalem) gives all the human figures the heads of birds, presumably in an attempt to mitigate any breach of the prohibition.
Instead, it leads people who were strangers to discover that they are all brothers and sisters in the one human family.
The High Classical style continued to develop realism and sophistication in the human figure, and improved the depiction of drapery (clothes), using it to add to the impact of active poses.
In addition, also they appeared two human burials: a senile individual along the skeleton of a small canid, and other structure bounded by a circular stone in a fetal position with legs bent and arms.
The goal of forming a human being in the process of upbringing is, he claims, creating a person, who thanks to her openness to experiences, is ready to live a life which has a structure mimicking that of the work of literature.
Team Synergy Moon was formed in 2010 when Kevin Myrick, founder and CEO of InterPlanetary Ventures, and Nebojša Stanojević, founder of The Human Synergy Moon Project, decided to merge their ventures and partner with Interorbital Systems to create a single entrant for the Google Lunar X Prize, and filed proof of its launch agreement on August 30, 2016.
Since pharmacists know about the mode of action of a particular drug, and its metabolism and physiological effects on the human body in great detail, they play an important role in optimization of drug treatment for an individual.
However, the UN Human Rights Committee denied the request seeking emergency action against his imprisonment.
Bibo Nunes' proposal was criticized by the organization Human Rights Watch, which considered it as a form of mass surveillance that opens space for abuse and a technology that raises serious doubts about its reliability and potential for discrimination against minorities.
The day brings to light the inequality of access to WASH services and the need to assure the human right to water and sanitation.
"Ain't No Mountain High Enough" (Ben Human Mix) – Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell *
Tom Price, resigned as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services (September 29)
The show was broadcast after every ITV evening match with Abbey Clancy, celebrity guests, a football hero, a studio full of fans, Corden's friends and family, his human World Cup wall chart, and challenges for his celebrity guests, such as 'How Many Peter Jones?
Thus Nyaya system has as horizon a theory of knowledge which renders possible the discourse about God; it could even be asserted that according to Nyaya, the Absolute becomes the horizon of all knowledge and therefore also of all human activities.
In its first appearance, Reed Richards threatens the use of the Ultimate Nullifier as a last-ditch effort to stop Galactus from destroying Earth as Human Torch recovered it from the base of Galactus with the help of Uatu the Watcher.
Rockbrook's education is grounded on a Christian understanding of the world and of the human person.
Also, in human beings it has been shown to cause metabolic acidosis as well as disruptions in the blood electrolyte levels of newborn babies.
There were no human casualties in this attack; however, nine stupas on upper rounded terraces of Arupadhatu were badly damaged by the bombs.
It was discovered in 2007 in samples of human respiratory secretions, originally from a child patient in Australia who presented with clinical signs of pneumonia and in whom other common respiratory viruses were not detected.
This extreme rigidity in ideology made the Soviet system especially weak in adapting to social changes, and very open to human rights critiques and ridicule.
Human abdominal consist of four muscles which are the rectus abdomens, internal oblique, external oblique, and transversus abdominis.
Directed by Nandlal, feature film Dhumkkudiya showcases the issue of Human Trafficking of tribal youths from Jharkhand, in the name of domestic help.
political response, future technology, changes in human behavior, the earth's climate system, and the realtime effects on coral reefs).
Attention is manifested by an attentional bottleneck, in term of the amount of data the brain can process each second; for example, in human vision, only less than 1% of the visual input data (at around one megabyte per second) can enter the bottleneck, leading to inattentional blindness.
2003: UTS Human Rights Award in the category of Reconciliation for "outstanding contribution towards the elevation of social justice for Indigenous Australians"
In addition to roles with medical and civic organizations, Tanguy serves as an Executive-in-Residence of the Geneva Centre for Security Policy, a United Nations Director for Women, and a Board member for Human Rights Watch, Global Fund to Fight TB, AIDS, and Malaria, and the Access to Medicine Index Foundation.
 My Country, My Country: Human Presence As Act Of Resistance
The patented technology has very high tactile resolution and fast readout times that match, and even exceed, human fingertip touch sensation.
 Very Small Embryonic-Like stem cells – hypothetical murine and human stem cells
Prii was concerned that big apartment buildings tended to be seen as anonymous human filing cabinets, that unadorned rectangular towers did not offer tenants an identity.
On May 24, 2012, it was passed by the Senate's human rights committee.
It was in Vienna as well where the slogan "women's rights are human rights" gained international prominence; Rosca had brought it from the Philippine women's movement and helped launch it internationally.
Kangor was the first known Bang Baby to be seen cured by Dr. Todd's aerosol Bang Baby cure at the end of the series where he woke up in the hospital with his legs and feet back to human size.
In 2010, she graduated from UMI with a Master of Science in Human Resource Management.
He said that unlike Rohan, he values human life more than art.
He and his UBOP squad were accused of serious human rights abuses within Kabardino-Balkaria, including of torture and murder.
According to Dresden mayor Dirk Hilbert (FDP), the human chain was a "clear sign against national socialism, racism and violence".
In his writing he used this argument several times: "no one doubts the wisdom of managing the germ plasm of agricultural stocks, so why not apply the same concept to human stocks?"
 PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human Nuclear pore complex protein Nup160
There was little in the way of identifiable human remains at the wreckage site, only two passengers were identified and only one intact body was found.
Drevs began studying human medicine at the Georg-August University in Göttingen in 1987.
In Russia he is also considered a human rights activist.
The behavioral sciences during the second half of the twentieth century were dominated by two contrasting models of human political behavior, homo economicus and cultural hegemony, collectively termed the standard social science model.
The Human Face of Computing, Imperial College Press, London, 2015.
Robert David Moir (2 April 1961 – 20 December 2019) was an Australian-born medical research scientist who theorized that the over-accumulation of beta-amyloid, which had formed to protect the brain against microbes, aided the development of Alzheimer's disease in the human brain.
In addition to its focus on fundamental perceptions and cognitive processes, music psychology is a field of research with practical relevance for many areas, including music performance, composition, education, criticism, and therapy, as well as investigations of human aptitude, skill, intelligence, creativity, and social behavior.
He was later criticized by human rights organizations for this statement.
On May 9, 2014, Smith introduced the bill Autism CARES Act of 2014, a bill that would amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize research, surveillance, and education activities related to autism spectrum disorders (autism) conducted by various agencies within the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
Their foothold is attributed to human removal of competitors to allow a better view of the Tennessee River from one of the buildings on the property.
The Ecology of Human Development: Experiments by Nature and Design.
Camp is notable for his portraits that explore the dignity and nobility that can be found in the human face, particularly those of African American men.
Huitzilopochtli, a Mesoamerican deity associated with human sacrifice, is mentioned, indicating that Juan Romero's transition may have been related to a sacrifice ritual.
Gary Lewis, the United Nations Resident Coordinator for Iran, has said that "Water scarcity poses the most severe human security challenge in Iran today".
So as to keep the local ecosystems away from human intervention, fishing, particularly bottom trawling and uses of dynamites or poisons like cyanides, collecting sea products and corals are prohibited by law.
Little is known about early human habitation in the Bryce Canyon area.
The lawyer has called on Armenia's Human Rights Defender to intervene.
In the film Mimic, insects native to Earth are genetically modified to stop a cockroach-borne disease, but as a side-effect later evolve in size and shape to mimic and prey upon human beings.
Rhodri C. Williams, a human rights consultant, stated "to treat the Gotovina judgment as an absolution of Croatia's well-documented sins is patently absurd and will only complicate the way to a long overdue regional reckoning with the past.
In addition to becoming Speaker of the Guam Legislature, Muña Barnes also serves as the Oversight Chairwoman for the Committee on Public Accountability, Human Resources and the Guam Buildup.
 Freese, Barbara, Coal: A Human History (2004).
Bitter has been on the Scientific Board of Computers in Human Behavior since 1995, and the Editorial Board of Journal of Research on Technology in Education since 1999.
This great building project demanded a sustained investment of human labor, and the organized skill and cultural will to sustain the effort over many centuries.
After helping to found Human Events as a weekly newsletter, Regnery began publishing monthly pamphlets and books.
"The decision of CSD-11 to focus its first Implementation Cycle on Water, Sanitation and Human Settlements bears testimony to the sense of urgency the international community ascribes to these issues."
...The Russian authorities must protect their people from these human rights abuses, and conduct a credible investigation into these reports immediately.
National Association to Advance Fat Acceptance is a non-profit human rights organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for fat people.
In the final scene, the werewolf gradually returns to Larry Talbot's human form through the standard technique.
In this biography, Clark-Frieson posthumously claims for her father the historical remembrance and distinction that she believes he rightfully deserves as an Alabama Champion for Civil and Human Rights.
Most landed sharks are discarded and likely suffer high mortality due to damage sustained during capture; the larger specimens are marketed for human consumption.
In a village of the Bavarian Alps, Henry Frankenstein and his assistant Fritz, a hunchback, piece together a human body.
It states that "rocks which cannot sustain human habitation or economic life of their own shall have no exclusive economic zone."
On 5 April 2013, negotiators from the European Union and the Council of Europe finalised a draft agreement for the accession of the EU to the European Convention on Human Rights.
In the Incarnation, as traditionally defined, the divine nature of the Son was joined but not mixed with human nature in one divine Person, Jesus Christ, who was both "truly God and truly man".
At the heart of such a view of human sexuality lies the conviction that the notion of personal freedom should never be misconstrued as the freedom to flout God's laws by overstepping the bounds which, in His infinite wisdom, He has set upon the relations of the sexes.
William Buckland discovers the "Red Lady of Paviland", the first identification of a prehistoric (male) human burial.
While condemning the practice of torture in jails, the Executive Director of the Physicians for Human Rights has referred to the lack of effective guidelines for medical professionals dealing with prisoners.
She is a winner of the Harry Jerome Award for professional excellence In 2015, Cooper received the Novia Scotia Human Rights Commission’s Dr. Burnley Allan “Rocky” Jones Award.
Mani Kumar Sharma, Healthcare, Human Services & Family Welfare and Social Justice, Empowerment and Welfare departments
In his book The Monster Show: A Cultural History of Horror, David J. Skal describes the film as "depict[ing] human reproduction as a desolate freak show, an occupation fit only for the damned".
Members include the additional chief secretary of the provincial government, the finance secretary, the secretary of law, human rights and parliamentary affairs, the provincial advocate general, the Peshawar High Court registrar, the PHC Member Inspection Team, the PHC additional registrar, the principal/Dean, Faculty of  Law University of Peshawar and the director-general as Member-cum-secretary.
Valladolid International Film Festival: FIPRESCI Prize; for Esperando al mesías''; For an honest, both realistic and symbolic depiction of human hopes in Buenos Aires nowadays; 2002.
PEEK is known for having good physical properties including high wear resistance and low moisture absorption   and has been used for biomedical implants due to its relative inertness inside of the human body.
In June 2010, Secretary of State Clinton and USAID Administrator Rajiv Shah spoke at a GLIFAA-sponsored event at the main State Department building on the topic of "LGBT Human Rights and U.S. Foreign Policy."
The "causes of virtue" include the influences of the planets, not as predestining a human career, but influencing a subject's essential nature.
Originally one of the first black women hired at Langley as a human computer, Hoover would eventually become a published physicist and mathematician.
This act allowed lands that did not meet the constraints of size, roadlessness, or human impact to be designated as wilderness areas under the belief that they could be returned to a "primeval" state through preservation.
On the right side wall of the entrance is a petrosomatoglyph of a human hand carved into the rock (Agius).
Rasim Aliyev (; 16 August 1984 – 9 August 2015) was a journalist and human rights activist in Azerbaijan.
The Elohist source stressed human actions over intervention from God through its stories: the cycles of Abraham, Jacob, Joseph, Moses, and Balaam.
Recent research in human cells suggests that septins build cages around bacterial pathogens, immobilizing the harmful microbes and preventing them from invading other cells.
The Award, given annually by Accountability International, "is intended to be presented to persons or organizations who play an exceptional role in promoting accountability in the international response to human rights and inclusive sustainable development".
Being Human was a show with a low budget and people responsible for other, bigger productions would notice the actors.
 Legal Department and Human Resources
The Project co-authored its first research report in 2015, "Access to Justice for Women: India’s Response to Sexual Violence in Conflict and Mass Social Unrest" with the Human Rights Law Clinic at Boalt Law School.
For example, he wrote: "Nobody who has not actually watched statesmen dealing with each other can have any real idea of the immense part played in human affairs by such unavowable and often unrecognisable causes as lassitude, affability, personal affection or dislike, misunderstanding, deafness or incomplete command of a foreign language, vanity, social engagements, interruptions and momentary health."
Currently, there are no unacceptable human exposure pathways.
Some critics have described as ironic the image's popularity with pro-life campaigners who argue that the fetus is a living human, given that many of them depict (surgically or spontaneously) aborted fetuses.
Legislation intended to protect disabled Canadians include the Charter of Rights and Freedoms, the Canadian Human Rights Act, and the Employment Equity Act.
The ambiguous wording of the report allowed Belgian and British newspapers to interpret it as proof of the rumours that human corpses were used.
Human Cognitive Abilities: A Survey of Factor-Analytic Studies is a 1993 book by psychologist John B. Carroll.
This practice is linked to the ancient belief that Baci is invoked religiously to synchronise the effects of 32 organs of the human body considered as kwan () or spirits or the "components of the soul".
Edge elaborated that "they don't always concede in the same way a human driver might, sticking to their chosen route even though you legitimately out-braked them into a corner".
Some materials in computer equipment, such as heavy metals, including lead, mercury, hexavalent chromium, cadmium and brominated flame-retardants are highly toxic to the environment, wildlife and human health if mismanaged.
Once in one of these areas, a personality rises up against another, the whole situation is disrupted and a new government rules over human existence.
The animal characters were given as much human qualities and emotions as possible, with hand and body expressions to convey.
Where the fluid is meant for human consumption, residues may also be a health hazard, and when where the fluid changes from time to time contamination of one fluid with another may occur.
12 March 2006: Arrested by the Syrian security forces at Damascus International Airport, as he was coming back from two conferences on human rights and democratic reforms in Syria, which were held in Paris and Washington D.C.
In these terms, the Cambridge School is 'idealist' in the sense that it accepts ideas as constitutive elements of human history in themselves, and hence contradicts social-scientific positivism in historiography.
Horkheimer's argument in Eclipse of Reason that social repression demands the repression of the natural environment and of human nature influenced later developments in ecofeminism.
A 1993 Human Rights Watch report declared that "the administration of justice is in crisis.
Nozick's assertion of a value rational human right to pursue individual utility resulted in the same double paradox as Rawls’s institution of justice as fairness.
Sivan stated, "my film is about human aspirations and emotions shattered by the war, not about the politics behind it".
In April 2020, the company began human Phase I safety studies of its lead vaccine (INO-4800) in the United States, and a Phase I-II trial in South Korea, to test for immunization against the COVID-19 virus.
The mechanism may also enable the inheritance of behavioral traits, for example in chickens, rats and human populations that have experienced starvation, DNA methylation resulting in altered gene function in both the starved population and their offspring.
The pre-Socratics sought a method to understand the cosmos, while being aware that there is a limit to human knowledge.
 History of the world, or human history
Environment – Satellite imagery can provide valuable information to governmental agencies or industries that monitor the environmental impact of human activities.
The Lebanese journalist and editor Naji Naaman founded in 2007, on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the death of Nicolas Naaman, the "Archbishop Nicolas Naaman Prize for human virtues".
The strategy of these behaviorists was that the animal learning principles should then be used to explain human behavior.
There, probably in collaboration with a Christian convert named Li Zhizao, he wrote Taixi renshen shuogai (An Outline of Western Theories of the Human Body), based on Theatrum anatomicum by Caspar Bauhin.
Gabriel admits that during his time as a human he has felt rage and anger, but he has also experienced things that Michael hasn't.
Some medium-sized deletions lead to recognizable human disorders, e.g.
This was echoed in the submission by the Human Rights Commission, stating that, "There has been limited opportunity for public discussion and preparation of submissions."
It may cause respiratory disease resembling human influenza on its own, or it may be part of a bovine respiratory disease (BRD) complex with other pathogens during co-infection.
They provided reasons for doing so, such as "taking consideration of good relations between Indonesia and Malaysia thus agreed to the passage of nolle prosequi for Aisyah", as evidenced from the discovery of the hidden letter delivered by the attorney general of Malaysia to the Indonesian Ministry of Law and Human Rights as a response towards their appeal request.
Few of the earlier excavations recorded or retained any human remains found in the chamber.
The device was based on a design by Wilbur O. Atwater, originally intended for human nutritional research.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) has criticized the Chilean government for inappropriately using anti-terrorist legislation against indigenous (Mapuche) groups involved in land conflicts.
Spaces of Geographical Thought: Deconstructing Human Geography's Binaries, SAGE Publications, 2005.
Human heritage in outer space includes the Apollo 11 lunar landing site and the robotic and crewed sites that preceded and followed Apollo 11.
On 19 January 2012, linguist and human rights campaigner Noam Chomsky sent an e-mail message "to the workers of Vita Cortex, Cork, Ireland" in which he commended their "courageous and honourable actions".
Armando is a circus owner, a human friend of Cornelius and Zira, and the foster-father of Caesar in Conquest of the Planet of the Apes.
Human motivation: a symposium, By Marshall R. Jones and John William Atkinson, University of Nebraska Press; 1st Edition (1965)
After Philuffy was subjected to human experiments by the Empire, Relie, who is aware of what her sister is becoming, made it her job to find a cure for her in the ruins and is not above using the students for this purpose.
The country was ranked 20th on the 2006 Human Development Index, which also accounts for non-economic factors such as literacy and public health, and 15th in The Economist's 2005 worldwide quality-of-life index.
Up until that point, Galen and his teachings had been the authority on human anatomy.
Promoting the development and utilization of knowledge through research, publication, exchange of documentation concerning social education, human welfare, and collaboration on practical and scientific publication in the field.
When she does, Mikael tells her that he does not feed on human blood; when she asks what he feeds on, he grabs her and begins feeding on her.
In 2006 she was awarded the City of Sydney Peace Prize for "her leadership as a courageous advocate of universal respect for human rights, and her skills in identifying violence against women as a massive injustice and therefore a priority in campaigning for peace."
This position has been questioned by the United Nations and human rights advocacy groups.
He specializes in questions of professional ethical standards, enhancement of human physiological and neurological traits, and sociological-philosophical questions of health research.
 Pete Sears (born 1948), musician, producer, composer, environmental and human rights activist, Hayes, Bromley.
In the introduction, Kant introduces a new faculty, human reason, positing that it is a unifying faculty that unifies the manifold of knowledge gained by the understanding.
The Christian Peacemaker Teams hostage crisis precipitated when four human rights workers of CPT, James Loney, Norman Kember, Tom Fox and Harmeet Singh Sooden, were abducted in Baghdad, Iraq on 26 November 2005 by a previously unknown group, the Swords of Righteousness Brigade.
Killpower has a combination of Human and animal DNA as well as "bio-occult conditioning" provided by Mys-Tech.
 J. M. Bourgery, N. H. Jacob: Atlas of Human Anatomy and Surgery.
A 2010 examination of 18 widely used English anatomy textbooks found that they all represented human biological variation in superficial and outdated ways, many of them making use of the race concept in ways that were current in 1950s anthropology.
By the time of his resignation, Frank had helped create a company that distributed 20,000 hours of content across the world including shows such as So You Think You Can Dance, Wife Swap, The Secret Millionaire, Being Human and The Returned.
He was among the first to propose a geological epoch dominated by human activities that altered the shape of the land.
In January 2001, pro-Beijing forces “mounted a full-scale campaign to shut down Falun Gong in Hong Kong once and for all,” according to Human Rights Watch.
While no human action could produce saving faith, revivalists taught that the means of grace might make conversion more likely.
The official definition of a manual scavenger in Indian law from 1993 is as follows:"manual scavenger" means a person engaged in or employed for manually carrying human excreta and the expression "manual scavenging" shall be construed accordinglyIn 2013, the definition of manual scavenger was expanded to include persons employed in cleaning of septic tanks, open drains and railway tracks.
The language region was first recognized in the 19th century during advances in research into the nature and structure of human speech.
The Halakha is Soloveitchik's answer to the question of how to make a human being's life meaningful.
In 1986, Australian Catholic Relief (ACR) and the Asia Partnership for Human Development (APHD) withdrew from the board, following an issue of the magazine which focused on Sex (April 1986).
One of his creations was the computer-tracking-based X-Ray microbeam system for recording human utterances.
Paul Schäfer even founded Colonia Dignidad (Dignity Colony), a German enclave in Region VII, where massive human rights violations were carried out.
Goodman "stressed the human scale in his prayer halls and collaboration with modern artists where expressive symbolism was warranted", according to Philip Nobel at the New York Times.
They use topics such as technology, speed and obsession with human dormancy compared to the sharp decline of the race.
It explores traditional Liberian life, referring to human sacrifice and indigenous slavery, as well as contemporary mid-20th century attractions.
The disappearance is suspected to be linked to human trafficking.
Senior fellows of the DFC are recognized for significant contributions toward the understanding of changing trends, new research, or applied knowledge leading to innovative design models that improve the built environment and the human condition.
In this case, what makes for a well-constituted practical reason depends on us being human beings marked by certain possibilities of emotion and desire, a certain anatomy, neurological organization, and so forth.
Challenging the traditional philosophical notion that an "ought" cannot follow from an "is" (Hume's law), Harris argues that moral questions are best pursued using not just philosophy, but the methods of science, because science can tell us which values lead to human flourishing.
During the conflict, Blahyi's forces perpetrated numerous atrocities, including cannibalism and human sacrifice.
In addition to cancer, deregulation of death receptor protein signaling and death domain recruitment is seen to influence many other human diseases.
Membrane switches, rubber keypads and touchscreens are examples of the physical part of the Human Machine Interface which we can see and touch.
As we continue to have advances in the study of human genetics, we hope to one day incorporate it into the day-to-day practice of healthcare.
Acorna is also born more mature than human infants and grows to adulthood within four years.
Divination and Human Nature: A Cognitive History of Intuition in Antiquity.
The Minami-Alps Biosphere Reserve is an area of long-standing human habitation with a population of approximately 122,389 since 2010.
The album features numerous covers, including "Dominion" by The Sisters of Mercy, "Beautiful World" by Devo, and "Don't You Want Me" by Human League.
Large organizations are usually sub-divided into functional areas such as marketing, sales, distribution, finance, human resources to name just a few.
In the score program note, Zwilich noted, "This garden provides a living example of our human urge to plant and nurture as well as our capacity to uproot and destroy, and I found myself thinking about it long after the day of my visit to the gardens on the campus of Michigan State."
According to Noam Chomsky Israel didn't allow access to the Red Cross or other human rights organizations to this "horror chamber" despite "ample evidence of hideous and savage torture".
According to the explanations of Creation given in The Grail Message, human beings are actually only guests on this earth.
He confirms that these common denominators do not contradict the charter of human rights, but they consist of other foundations such as: respect of motherhood, uplifting of the disenfranchised, importance of child care, and safety of the environment.
 Claudio Avruj, Human Rights Secretary of the Nation
The earliest reported isolation of HMB as a human metabolite was by Tanaka and coworkers in 1968 from a patient with isovaleric acidemia.
Shih and Arrigo formally divorced in June 1995 after she accused him of violating human rights principles in the party's international relations.
Vastu shastra, literally "science of construction" or "architecture" and ascribed to Mamuni Mayan, explores how the laws of nature affect human dwellings; it employs precise geometry and directional alignments to reflect perceived cosmic constructs.
 Yuri Orlov (Researcher of Physics, 1986–) – nuclear physicist; former Soviet dissident; human rights activist
 Human Dignity (February 27, 2019)
For Raban, MacDonald (whom he meets three years before his death) created an extremely vivid portrait of a 'jungly Eden, spoilt and besmirched by human vanity and greed ... a lovely paradise that was being cut down to make room for shopping malls, condominium blocks, six-lane highways, giant billboards and pagoda-style Kingburger palaces.
Jason Lewis (born 13 September 1967) is an English author, explorer and sustainability campaigner credited with being the first person to circumnavigate the globe by human power.
She is a communications executive currently works part time as the Communications Director for The KJM Foundation - a non-profit organization (NGO) seeking to create a world where every individual has access to basic human needs.
In 2014, Wang completed the short Circle of Life, starring actors Graham Greene and Michael Horse, about the final years of human life.
She also studies the Bible to help infuse her work with "the human element—the values and ethics often overlooked by the coldness of technology."
He is also co-director of Cornell's Center for Comparative and Population Genomics and a member of a working group for the National Human Genome Research Institute.
Wyle was born in Trenton, Illinois and in 1900 enrolled at the University of Illinois as a pre-med student where anatomy classes awakened in her a wonder and revererance for human anatomy.
A Democrat, he was appointed by President Barack Obama in June 2013 as Director of Provider Outreach in the Office of Intergovernmental and External Affairs, a part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
4-Androstadienol lacks affinity for steroid hormone receptors and has instead been found to directly activate isolated human vomeronasal receptor cells at nanomolar concentrations (EC50 = 200 nM).
In a series of articles, Weldemariam engaged in a constructive criticism of Ethiopia's national security and foreign policy in which he unmasked the incumbent's obsession with territorial security to the detriment of human security.
The main use for which these antagonist drugs have been applied so far, however, is as antiemetics, in both human and veterinary medicine.
Through craniometry conducted on thousands of human skulls, Samuel George Morton argued that the differences between the races were too broad to have stemmed from a single common ancestor, but were instead consistent with separate racial origins.
The sequence of the predicted 312-amino acid human protein encoded by NAPG is 95% identical to that of bovine gamma-SNAP.
Modern fantasy literature has revived the elves as a race of semi-divine beings of human stature who are friendly with nature and animals.
In areas subjected to recurring human disturbance, such as plowing, weedy ephemerals are very short-lived plants whose entire life cycle takes less than a growing season.
International organisations, including Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, Reporters Without Borders and the Committee to Protect Journalists condemned the imprisonment of bloggers and the climate of fear for journalists.
It was so decried that, in 1989, the newly created Brussels-Capital Region tried to remedy the problem by giving the town planning of the district a more human side.
Xploration Outer Space (September 13, 2014–present): This series focuses on various aspects of the space industry, including technology, the prospects of a human mission to Mars, and the growing space tourism industry.
The expert committee of the ANSM took the view that this was insufficient basis for commencing human trials, and that further evidence of BIA 10-2474 as an analgesic was warranted.
Principal 4 of the Dublin Conference stated that, “it is vital to recognize the basic right of all human beings to have access to clean water and sanitation at an affordable price.”
This suggests diverse potential applications of RNA timestamps, and perhaps it will be beneficial to better understanding transcriptional changes in human diseases, as alluded to by Dr. Gilhooey.
The causes, related to both quantity and quality, are many and varied; they include local scarcity, limited availability and population pressures, but also human activities of mass consumption, misuse, environmental degradation and water pollution, as well as climate change.
These photographs were the outcome of a synthesis between two preoccupations, namely his continuing conviction that small things are important, and that the surface of the earth more than ever looks the way it does because the human brain directs the hand to change the shape and nature of materials.
The job would have been done – and done right – half a century sooner, with vastly less human misery, and with almost no bloodshed ...
Examples of game resources include tokens, money, land, natural resources, human resources and game points.
Scott's only other human interaction has come via radio communications with a couple hidden away elsewhere, but they're eventually overtaken by zombies, leaving him truly alone.
Islam teaches final resurrection and Judgement Day, but there is no prospect for the reincarnation of a human being into a different body or being.
Recovery of the passengers and crew took several weeks, and little in the way of intact human remains was found due to the sheer violence of the impact, immersion in swamp water, and scavenging by wildlife.
Emily has an interest in zoomusicology (the study of animal and human song) and the natural world.
Rafael Radi is an Uruguayan biochemist and biomedical scientist that has extensively worked to elucidate molecular mechanisms by which free radicals, oxidants and nitric oxide participate in human pathologies.
Several major threats exist to sage brush ecosystems, including human settlements, conversion to agricultural land, livestock grazing, invasive plant species, and  wildfires.
Business studies – an academic area that consists of many sub-areas about the social relationships that comprise the human economic systems.
Critics of biodiversity are often confusing the need to protect species (their intrinsic value) with the need to maintain ecosystem processes, which ultimately maintain human society and do not compromise economic development.
The Permanent Seminary published didactic materials on human rights, marginalization and ecopacifism.
Hon Chimhini went on to serve on the NCA board as taskforce member representing Human Rights for the next 4 years.
In Carr's diaries, he writes of Macaulay "Among all human monsters with whom we have been brought into contact none has displayed the devilish ingenuity of this man", concluding that Macaulay was a "crooked mind and dangerous fool".
If inscribed over Human Ashes,
Hence, while Berkeley holds that objects are merely bundles of sensations (see bundle theory), Kant holds (unlike other bundle theorists) that objects do not cease to exist when they are no longer perceived by some merely human subject or mind.
Today, this is the European Court of Human Rights, whose rulings are binding on 47 European nations, the most far-reaching system of international justice anywhere in the world.
They call it "strikingly consistent choice of technical means" ("auffallend übereinstimmenden Wahl der technischen Mittel") which they think is due to "similar patterns in human way of thinking" ("Gesetzmässigkeit der menschlichen Denkentwickelung").
The Dreamtime creature had a 'reputation for devouring human beings' and 'lived in the thick mud beneath the water of a waterhole that never dried up.'
What sets Devereaux apart from other UniSols (with the possible exception of Andrew Scott) is his latent human qualities.
Danger regains control and returns him to Beast and the Avengers, and Frost comforts her in saying that she is still young and still learning to trust others, but that is one thing that makes her human.
The team used a combination of techniques to solve the puzzles: custom-coded computer-vision algorithm were created to suggest fragment pairings to human assemblers for verification.
Some of the figurines depict creatures that are half animal, half human.
Since human resource information/data are personal and confidential, the HRHIS system was developed with high security measures for protecting the data entered.
The royal town of Klang has been a site of human settlement since prehistoric times.
 Dragon Ball: The Path to Power (1996) (Artificial Human #8 (8-chan))
Nick graduated from University of Reading with a degree in Human Geography.
However, color harmony is a complex notion because human responses to color are both affective and cognitive, involving emotional response and judgement.
There are a lot of anglicisms in the Ukrainian language relating to many sides of human life.
Thor barely survives, reverting to an amnesiac form of his human identity, Dr. Donald Blake, and is cared for by a new character, Rebecca Steinhardt.
However, until human rights violations on the island and democratic principles are reinstated, that community's support for the continuation of the embargo has not been significantly fading.
Recognize that spirituality is an intimate aspect of the human condition and a legitimate aspect of mental health work.
While the angels endow the human mind with reason, advises virtues and lead to worship God, the devil perverts the mind and tempts to abuse the spiritual nature by committing lies, betrayals and deceits.
Henderson's public activities have included participation in social justice coalitions to developing strategy regarding domestic and international civil and human rights policy.
According to human rights activists and journalists, tens of thousands of police and security forces that have been to Chechnya learned patterns of brutality and impunity and brought them to their home regions, often returning with disciplinary and psychological problems.
, Abigail's former Puppeteer, is going back to the show as a new human character called Ayelet, tour guide at the museum.
Instead, the chatbots were judged by the public and there were to be no human competitors.
Grane takes a position at the UN working for human rights.
His research aims at the development of stem cell therapies using human adult and embryonic stem cells.
Sociology of the body is a branch of sociology studying the representations and social uses of the human body in modern societies.
Conversely, the same word may refer to more than one class of object: thus the leg of a tripod and the leg of a human being count as two separate words, and the image for K depicts several types of king.
They sent a delegation of human rights observers to monitor law enforcement's response to the protests.
The results will be useful in planning for creating permanent human bases on Moon that will be protected from solar wind.
They taught the early human civilization how to build pyramids, and were worshipped as gods.
According to the Copenhagen criteria, membership of the European Union is open to any European country that is a stable, free-market liberal democracy that respects the rule of law and human rights.
It is often applied in a context that is as much scientific as directly medical and encompasses the development of molecular and genetic approaches to the diagnosis and classification of human diseases, the design and validation of predictive biomarkers for treatment response and disease progression, and the susceptibility of individuals of different genetic constitution to particular disorders.
However, these apes are not necessarily associated with human evolution.
In 2010, he became Minister of Justice and Human Rights.
Human beings function as subject in or to all aspects, animals as subject up to the sensitive aspect, plants up to the biotic, and non-living things up to the physical.
It has been used as a model for human papillomaviruses both before and after this discovery.
The aim of the game for human players is to jump the fleet several times so as to reach the planet of Kobol, without Galactica being destroyed or running out of fuel, food, morale or population.
He did this so that all other living beings would die of thirst and hunger, leaving no Human or God alive to challenge his place in Heaven.
Vaughan spent the years 1986 to 1989 as an Associate Professor of Bioengineering at Clemson University, where he published Dynamics of Human Gait that, with the software package Gait Laboratory, was recognised as a seminal contribution to the field.
Furthermore, hybrid courts attempt to strengthen domestic capacities to prosecute human rights abuses through the transfer of international legal skills and expertise.
In 2006, Griswold was awarded the Watson Foundation Fellowship, and in 2009, the Penn Law International Human Rights Fellowship.
The focus of MRI is to explore and to encourage the use of an interactional approach to further understand and more effectively resolve human problems from the family to all other levels of social organization.
The area comprises a variety of habitats with land cover characterized by diverse land uses including pasture, agricultural, livestock, and human settlement.
Canids are found on all continents except Antarctica, having arrived independently or accompanied human beings over extended periods of time.
Human resource departments have enabled Employee self-service, including providing employees with tools for skill building and career planning.
Child harvesting or Baby harvesting refers to the systematic sale of human children, typically for adoption by families in the developed world, but sometimes for other purposes, including trafficking.
Rosenberg wrote that the two main themes of Half-Blood Prince were love and death and praised Rowling's "affirmation of their central position in human lives."
Participation in Native Police raids, kidnap and butchery of a human corpse
She also worked on a book on the evolution of human society, L’origine de l’homme et des sociétés, published in 1870.
"Is Every Human Being a Person?," trans.
These findings were important to the January 10th, 1957 establishment of the Algerian Red Crescent, as a more consistent presence was needed in Algiers to monitor human rights in detention centres.
Most human cat allergies are caused by Fel d 1.
Lieberman and Netanyahu planned to broaden the Foreign Ministry PR campaign with regard to Iran, focusing on  abuse of human rights and sponsorship of terrorism.
The British MP Sir David Maxwell-Fyfe was rapporteur for the drafting of the European Convention on Human Rights.
Aside from being based on his experiences of these travels (in the liner notes Miles emphasizes the influence seeing in person so many problems that society has brought onto itself had), Miles has also said that the album reflects the human life cycle from birth to death.
The Relay Against Trafficking was a campaign led by VietACT in 2006 to across North America to educate the general public about human trafficking, particularly the exploitation of Vietnamese men and women who endure slave labor and sexual abuse.
The site contains both human made lithic artifacts and megafauna remains–including gomphotheres.
Everyone laughed when the bacteria is roaming the human body.
[...] Both our human values and the future of our city depend on our ability to directly address the challenges that stop each and every citizen from realizing their potential.
The triptych created a cycle that according to Milk interprets the universal human experience of birth, death and transfiguration.
The dance is finished when two human hudoqs come out and chase the pest hudoqs.
Nikolai Berdyaev makes a related argument against reason in his 1945 book The Divine and the Human.
His Hurricane also carried a human skeleton image which held a sickle in its hand under the cockpit, on both sides of the aircraft.
For the Christian view of history is a vision of history sub specie aeternitatis, an interpretation of time in terms of eternity and of human events in the light of divine revelation.
Some natural disasters in China are "closely related to human environmental impacts", especially: dust storms, landslides, droughts and floods.
He commented on the work's genesis as a response to the trauma of longtime warfare:During the 1950s and '60s he moved to a more symbolic perspective, notions of human perfectibility.
The Hong Kong-based Asian Human Rights Commission appealed to Queen Elizabeth II to intervene and plead for clemency for Nafeek on her diamond jubilee.
It starred Poppy Lee Friar that follows the adventures of a gynoid, a female android, named Eve (also known as Project Eternity) living with a family in suburbia, trying to make sense of human life as a teenage girl.
Human rights organizations and the company's general counsel disputed the extent of Yahoo's foreknowledge of Shi's fate.
Typically fox spirits were seen as dangerous, but some of the stories in the Qing dynasty book Liaozhai Zhiyi by Pu Songling are love stories between a fox appearing as a beautiful girl and a young human male.
NGOs represent causes such as arts, culture and sports, civic and community development, disability, education, environment and wildlife, health, human rights, social services, vocational training, and women, children and the aged.
Human GAAP  is a protein present in the Golgi  that helps regulate apoptosis, a form of programmed cell death.
At the July 2017 annual convention of ISNA, representatives from "Muslims for Progressive Values" and Human Rights Campaign (LGBT rights groups) were asked to shut down their booth and leave, given "that the convention was a religious, private, and family-oriented event."
Indeed, in Sant Mat the raison d’être for the human form is to meditate on the Sound Current, and in so doing merge with it until one’s own divinity is ultimately realized.
 DHS Human Factors and Behavioral Sciences Division
"He's developing, as a human being.
Finn Mertens, also known as Finn the Human, is a fictional character in the American animated television series Adventure Time created by Pendleton Ward.
In Los Angeles, and for Adelphia communications in Santa Monica and Eagle Rock, Hagan produced a series hosted by the well-known American Indian Movement leader, author, and actor Russell Means, and several programs in a series titled "Amazigh News" (1998–2006) featuring human rights reports on Morocco, Algeria and on the Tuareg people of Niger and Mali.
It has been postulated that the shape of the human penis may have been selected by sperm competition.
Transfer of immune cells is made between different individuals of monozygotic twins in human or of the same pure line in experimental animals from immunologically sensitized to naive host, where transferred cells are engrafted without rejection or GVHD in the new host.
According to a Western human rights organization, asylum seekers, refugees, students and labour migrants are among the victims of bias-motivated violence, which have also included diplomats, expatriate employees of foreign companies, members of visible minorities in Ukraine, and Ukrainians who have assisted hate crime victims.
The  mask is said to be demonic and dangerous but also sorrowful and tormented, displaying the complexity of human emotions.
These included the prosecution of the Klan, treatment of blacks as both human and American, an innovative Native American policy, and the peaceful settlements of the Alabama Claims and controversial 1876 presidential election.
About 15 species of spiders are scientifically described as being edible, with a history of human consumption.
There is evidence of human presence from the paleolithic period, roughly 700,000-500,000 years ago.
CMTM4-v1 and CMTM4-v2 are widely expressed in multiple human tissue while CMTM4-v3 has been detected only in the kidney and placental tissues.
and in 2018 cofounded a music venue in Los Angeles, CA called "1720", with Alex Alereza (Nekrogoblikon) and Brett Powell (The Human Abstract).
Some artists prefer to carve directly onto the stone, without a model; the Renaissance artist Michelangelo, for example, claimed that his job was to free the human form trapped inside the block.
Eliminating the use of untreated human faeces as fertilizer is also important.
During the 2009 excavations of a major Mycenaean city at Iklaina, a striking fragment of a wall-paintings came to light, depicting a ship with three human figures and dolphins.
Gray's Anatomy is a reference book of human anatomy written by Henry Gray and illustrated by Henry Vandyke Carter, published in London in 1858.
Killing of the python is expressly forbidden in these places and sanctions are taken against the killer including the funding of expensive human sized burials that are given to slain pythons.
Michelson is known as a subject matter expert in Human Systems Engineering.
In January 2018 NowThis News selected the film during the National Human Trafficking Awareness Month, featuring the video of the two Jain monks and excerpts from the documentary.
The Yap Thiam Hien Award Program has been managed by the Human Rights Study Center Foundation (Yayasan Pusat Studi Hak Asasi Manusia or YAPUSHAM) since 1992.
For instance, the harsh glare of direct sunlight can blind human vision.
This means that the representation is subordinated to each INGO's human and financial resources.
His love operates on the subconscious level, and he relates to Lucy more as a spirit of nature than as a human being.
Stiglitz and his coauthors point out that the interrelated crises of environmental degradation and human suffering of our current age demonstrate that "something is fundamentally wrong with the way we assess economic performance and social progress."
By combining litigation, advocacy, education, and organizing, AALDEF works with Asian American communities across the country to secure human rights for all.
She spends her time in human rights activities such as co-founding War Child Netherlands, the European Council on Foreign Relations, and Girls Not Brides: The Global Partnership to End Child Marriage.
His work has appeared in the National Review Online, The Weekly Standard, and Human Events.
The early human populous left behind traces of lithic flakes, flint flakes and other flint related tools.
The Security Council reiterated its support for the Bonn Agreement and its commitment to assist the Afghan people in bringing stability and peace to the country and respect for human rights.
Oxford offers the course of Philosophy, Politics, and Economics, while Cambridge offers Human, Social and Political Sciences.
Human introductions of the plants from their native into new habitats (either accidentally through seed contamination or intentional as a garden plant or medicinal herb) is also a proposed cause of the plant being invasive in several regions, but these are not common.
Steinach's experimental role in identifying the relationship between sex hormones (estrogen and testosterone) and human physical identifiers, had major consequences for gender reassignment surgery and hormone replacement therapy.
The priest refuses to pray for rain, saying that his concern is the salvation of human souls.
Later the same year, Sega's arcade shooter The House of the Dead introduced running human zombies, who run towards the player and can also jump and swim.
Forests were regarded as the domains of beings from folklore, and human visitors were expected to pay due respect to the owners.
Now under Will's command, the Flying Dutchman resurfaces, and the crew has reverted to human form.
IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, Special issue on Human Interaction in Complex Systems, Vol.
I saw with my own eyes pieces of human flesh stuck to the walls and the ceiling and burned corpses..."
According to Human Rights Watch, the Soviet government had mounted a propaganda campaign designed to further ethnic strife.
Gears of War is set fourteen years after the Locust emerged and attacked Sera's human population.
This is impossible, as neither a giant squid nor even a colossal squid can swallow a human whole.
Many international human rights organizations and governments, including those of the United States and the European Union, declared the charges against Zhakiyanov to be politically motivated and recognized him as a political prisoner.
Haseltine played an important early role in the creation of the International Society for AIDS Research, now the International AIDS Society, and was the Founding editor of the scientific journal AIDS Research and Human Retroviruses.
The Latifeh Yarshater Award was instituted by the Persian Heritage Foundation to honor the memory of Latifeh Yarshater and her lifelong dedication to the improvement of Iranian women's human rights.
He has focused much of his career on promoting human rights abroad, including authoring the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 and several follow-on laws.
Martin Rhonheimer writes that while Mit brennender Sorge asserts "race" is a "fundamental value of the human community", "necessary and honorable", it condemns the "exaltation of race, or the people, or the state, or a particular form of state", "above their standard value" to "an idolatrous level".
Higher dance education focuses on the intellectual inspection of human physicality rather than the training of professional dancers.
Freeman was the first person to land on any of the islands on 9 February 1839, and this was the first human landfall south of the Antarctic Circle.
Human use of the sites is shown by a bowl barrow and disc barrow from late Neolithic or Bronze Age and the site of a likely motte-and-bailey castle.
At the time, London was criticized for attributing "unnatural" human thoughts and insights to a dog, so much so that he was accused of being a nature faker.
 1996 – The effects of car exhaust gases on human health (Czech and Slovak Traffic Club, )
SAVE's honorary legal head, advocate Meera Kaura Patel has been a key speaker at a national Seminar organized by the National Human Rights Commission of India .
He ends the review stating that "Black Anima cuts to the core of human emotion and provides a welcome maturation for the band".
Often called the arabesque orbweaver, after the cryptic, brightly colored, swirling markings on its prominent abdomen, this spider can be found in fields, forests, gardens, and on human structures.
He said the Labour Party condemned the "ongoing human rights abuses by Israeli forces, including the shooting by Israeli forces of hundreds of unarmed Palestinian demonstrators in Gaza – most of them refugees or families of refugees – demanding their rights".
In his Friday night "Returning Happiness to the Thai People" address of 27 March 2015 on national television, Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha vowed to put an end to human trafficking in the Thai fishing industry "for once and for all".
Human settlement in the area dates back 6,000 years.
The diameter when fully grown is slightly greater than the height of an average human.
6 December – Annette Thommessen, human rights activist (born 1932).
At this time, he left Harvard to become the Chancellor Jackman Professor in Human Rights Policy at the University of Toronto and a senior fellow of the university's Munk Centre for International Studies.
Specific topics include sustainability, biodiversity, environment management, human population growth, energy, pollution, and urbanization
Who listens to it and regards it as human speech is according to Sunni Creed by at-Tahāwī an infidel.
Similarly, anthropometric indices, namely comparison of the human stature was used to illustrate anthropometric trends.
In the British Isles, it is only known from a few sites, all remote from human habitation, in Cumbria and Powys.
Malik's research group has worked on many different topics in computer vision, computational modeling of human vision, computer graphics and the analysis of biological images.
Manuel David Mendes (born 6 May 1962 in Cazenga, Luanda Province, Portuguese Angola) is an Angolan lawyer, human rights activist and politician.
The area currently known as the United Arab Emirates (UAE) (previously the Trucial States) was formerly populated by inhabitants of a number of coastal and inland settlements, with human remains pointing to a pattern of transmigration and settlement as far back as 125,000 years.
He was a research fellow at the School of Law, King’s College London, London from June 1995 to April 1998 in International Human Rights Law.
In 2020 Darnall was appointed a scientific member of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Interagency Pain Research Coordinating Committee (IPRCC) by U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Dr. Alex Azar.
MTA2 is overexpressed in human cancer and its dysregulated level correlates well with cancer invasiveness and aggressive phenotypes.
Anna injects the cure as Helsing kills her, howling in grief as he reverts to human.
The study of human intelligence is one of the most controversial topics in psychology, in part because of difficulty reaching agreement about the meaning of intelligence and objections to the assumption that intelligence can be meaningfully measured by IQ tests.
T cell subpopulations required for the human cytotoxic and lymphocyte response to influenza virus: Evidence for T cell help.
In 2012, Human Head Studios indicated that it was considering making a sequel to Rune.
He had not planned on any uncrewed exploratory missions to Mars taking place before the first human expedition, and he had not foreseen the technological advances that would take place, or the development of robot spacecraft.
 Human Rights and Wrongs, 2007
At first, Human Interact attempted to create their own natural language processing technology, but later decided to rely on existing machine learning implementations due to the difficulty of achieving a good degree of accuracy.
William Jackson Harper, Jameela Jamil, and Manny Jacinto co-star as other deceased human residents of the faux Good Place who are similarly being tormented, together with D'Arcy Carden as an artificial being helping the inhabitants.
A speaker at the occasion, Dr. Vibert Cambridge, Professor in the School of Media Arts Studies at Ohio University, called her a "national treasure" who "found her inspiration in nature, the human struggle and Guyanese poetry".
It was founded in 2009 by Clement Nwankwo, a Nigerian pro-democracy and human rights activist.
The use of conversion therapy as a means to change the sexual orientation or gender identity within the LGBTQI community persists despite South Korea's international commitment to abide by international human rights.
For 2018, the World Bank estimated the value of the world's produced capital, natural capital, and human capital to be $1,152 trillion.
Tailings generally contain higher concentrations of heavy metals and therefore present a higher risk to human health and the environment through direct contact.
In response to being presented by Bill Moyers with the question "What do you see happening to the idea of dignity to human species if this population growth continues at its present rate?
Prisoners have been labeled "illegal" or "unlawful enemy combatants," but several observers such as the Center for Constitutional Rights and Human Rights Watch maintain that the United States has not held the Article 5 tribunals required by the Geneva Conventions.
Now, Johnson works as the co-director of the Program in Molecular Therapeutics for the Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center and director of the Human Genome RNAi/CRISPR Screening Facility.
The profusion of human sewage in the Bollin was still common in 1850.
The Rediscovery of the Human – Basic Texts of Viktor E. Frankl, Melbourne and Philadelphia: Institute for Judaism and Civilization, 2004.
Can a new “salutogenic” paradigm replace the pathogenic paradigm by focusing on human resilience and coping abilities?
Its population is declining "moderately rapidly" because of habitat losses primarily to logging and conversion to agriculture, but human settlement and cattle ranching also contribute.
As the Cathexis divided Aquaman into his fish and human sides, Wonder Woman, taking a last desperate gambit, tricked them into separating her soul of truth from her physical form, her spirit form thus able to reveal the truth to her six split teammates - that they were stronger together than apart.
The population and range of the bird had been severely reduced following the human settlement of New Zealand.
To conserve her energy, she dipped a rope in clay and flicked it so blobs of clay landed everywhere; each blob of clay became an individual human.
Protecting himself from Spooky E's powers with anti-magnetic sheets, Asukai grasps Spooky E's 'flower' and begins changing his heart, but the synthetic human chose suicide over being manipulated by Imaginator.
Zappone was a member of the Irish Human Rights Commission, chief executive of the National Women's Council of Ireland, and a lecturer in the fields of ethics, theology, and education at Trinity College, Dublin.
We need to reduce human error that results from bad design.
Ekaterina Trendafilova is widely published in the field of international and comparative criminal justice, criminal procedure and human rights.
There is no evidence about the presence of human beings in before the Middle Ages in this territory.
The earliest machines were designed to amplify human and animal effort, later gear trains and linkage systems captured wind and flowing water to rotate millstones and pumps.
Carrie-Anne Moss as Trinity: A human freed by Morpheus, crewmember of the Nebuchadnezzar, and later Neo's romantic interest.
On 15 November 2006, the United Nations Human Rights Council adopted resolution S-3/1 which called for a fact-finding mission, consisting of Archbishop Desmond Tutu and Professor Christine Chinkin of the United Kingdom to travel to Beit Hanoun.
This is a heavy burden to establish as there is a presumption that power has not been misused, meaning that although over 200 cases on this Article have been heard, only four violations of Article 18 have ever been found by the European Court of Human Rights.
Through her work, Hochschild proclaims that human emotions—joy, sadness, anger, elation, jealousy, envy, despair—are, in large part, social.
The area is also home to protected animal species and evidence of some of the oldest human habitations in the region.
Reverse stratigraphy (sometimes known as inverted stratigraphy) is the result of a process whereby one sediment is unearthed by human or natural actions and moved elsewhere, whereby the latest material will be deposited on the bottom of the new sediment, and progressively earlier material will be deposited higher and higher in the stratigraphy.
With this interview, Pastori showed her most personal and human side, ensuring that what makes her the happiest is singing, especially singing about what she loves.
Tactical mode uses a turn-based system, where the human team and the aliens take turns to make moves.
Once inside, the cloaked figure details how human residents live inside a walled city run by an organisation known as The Consortium.
Pol β is the main human polymerase that catalyzes short-patch BER, with pol λ able to compensate in its absence.
In 1996, Jason Lewis completed the first solo crossing of the United States on inline skates, part of Expedition 360, a successful attempt to circumnavigate the globe using only human power.
Pamuk makes it clear, gets to the heart of this concept in a passage from his book: "In a brutal country like ours, where human life is 'cheap', it's stupid to destroy yourself for the sake of your beliefs.
 February 2005 US Navy selects Proofpoint Systems for development of Human Performance Center
Anbe Aaruyire features the memories of each other in a human lookalike appearances.
If the ritual was used to cure a disease, the offering may be in the form of food or ornaments, and sacrifice in the form of human bloodletting.
Combined with this work he was a Commissioner on the Congested Districts Board, where his intimate knowledge of human conditions in western Ireland was of great service.
After the end of the Brazilian military dictatorship, he moved back to his native city of Barreirinha, where he lived in a house owned by the architect Lúcio Costa and worked for the integrity of the Amazon region and for human rights.
It also acts as the human relations department, or central personnel authority, for the citizens' interactions with the government.
However, FMO's can also be found in the human brain and small intestine.
Sudbury model of democratic education schools maintain that values, human rights included, must be learned through experience as Aristotle said: "For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them."
He once stated  "The dominion of human life is in the hands of God.
Intersex UK co-founder Holly Greenberry spoke at the "first United Nations Human Rights Council side event on intersex issues" in March 2014, alongside Mauro Cabral and representatives of Organisation Intersex International Australia and Zwischengeschlecht.
(2009) considered this species has not yet become established in the US, but it is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce.
The US Department of State's report on human rights practices highlights that bribes has remained an ordinary thing in the public sector.
This is due to human activities such as forest clearing, soil denuding, and developments that destroy autotrophic processes.
Her most cited work utilizes stable isotopes (in particular nitrogen) to examine how ecosystems respond to changing climate and other human disturbances.
This human skeleton had been burned in a feature believed to be a fire-pit for a grain-dryer or malting oven.
The protein sequences between species is very well conserved, for example Pixie and yeast Rli1p are 66% identical, and Rli1p and human RLI are 67% identical.
During all his travels he observed people in their daily activity trying to understand the real motivations of the human being.
 guidelines for human subject research
The award is named after Eadward Muybridge (1830-1904), who was one of the first to use cinematography for the study of human and animal movement.
 "Reverence for Human Worth, earnest devout search for it and encouragement of it, loyal furtherance and obedience to it: this, I say, is the outcome and essence of all true "religions," and was and ever will be."
The BBC reported shells were hitting the Homs neighborhoods of Baba Amr, Inshaat, Bayada and Khaldiya, according to opposition and human rights activists.
Through this paradigm, Spencer aimed to reconcile the associationist psychology of Mill's Logic, the notion that human mind was constructed from atomic sensations held together by the laws of the association of ideas, with the apparently more 'scientific' theory of phrenology, which located specific mental functions in specific parts of the brain.
The term was coined by Carolus Linnaeus to characterize non-whites as being half human and half animal.
On September 17, 1991, management failure, power equipment failure, and human error combined to disable AT&T's central office switch at 33 Thomas.
A bully, Raj, and his friends attempt to embarrass Rohit multiple times, only to be beaten in fights as well as in sport since Rohit's physical strength and agility are increased along with his mental abilities to the peak of human potential.
The letters provide a glimpse of her warm, human side as she communicates with her family.
Seeing it as the kind of responsible fideism, he states, "If human reason has limitations and also has some ability to recognise those limitations, then the possibility of responsible fideism emerges."
The Human Bomb: Copperhead drives into a sheet of flames and his car explodes.
The chapter presents the metaphysical definition of a human being as Consciousness, Atman, Self.
and Ph.D. degrees in Human Development and Family Life from the University of Kansas.
However, it also became the tool by which he developed a vision of primitive Christianity stripped free of the human innovations which had been added over the centuries.
LaQuaglia, "Histone deacetylase inhibitors induce growth suppression and cell death in human rhabdomyosarcoma in vitro," Clinical Cancer Research: An Official Journal Of The American Association For Cancer Research 9, no.
While human in appearance, her body is made of ice, allowing her to regenerate herself, and she controls magic and despair which somewhat fuels.
Currently, Collège de l'Île offers college level programmes in Accounting Clerk, Bilingual Administrative Assistant, Early Childhood Assistant/Educator, Human Services, Practical Nursing, Resident Care Work, Youth Worker, and Welding.
Booklist in their review called the novel "clever, charming, and mind-expanding, the perfect vehicle for conveying the astonishingly supple nature of space, time, and the human mind."
This has fostered recolonization and reintroduction in parts of its former range as a result of legal protection, changes in land use, and rural human population shifts to cities.
Kim was on the Administrative Committee of the IEEE Society for Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, an Associate Editor of the IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, and on the editorial boards of Human Factors and the International Journal of Cognitive Ergonomics.
T-Pain taught the world that Auto-Tune doesn't just sharpen flat notes: It's a painterly device for enhancing vocal expressiveness and upping the pathos ... Kanye's digitized vocals are the sound of a man so stupefied by grief, he's become less than human."
On April 27, 2007, he pleaded guilty in United States district court to money laundering and illegal distribution of anabolic steroids, human growth hormone, Clenbuterol, amphetamines and other drugs to "dozens of current and former Major League Baseball players, and associates, on teams throughout Major League Baseball."
The Human Condition (Relapse Records, 2007)
The main issues, which the NGO Independent Cultural Journal "Ї" is working upon, are the issues of civil society, human rights, interethnic relations, cross-border cooperation, multiculturalism, European integration, regionalism, globalisation and anti-globalist movements, ecumenical dialogue, political changes in the region.
With the emergence of new evidence, the hypothesis for a pre-Clovis human occupation began to surface.
In his rescue attempt, Guybrush inadvertently releases a voodoo pox over Gulf of Melange, which turns LeChuck into a human.
These "portraits" morph into concise analyses of human attitudes and conditions, from isolation and anxiety to union and joy and back again.
Issues member states with recommendations that, if adopted, would further the cause of human rights protection.
He also noted that "her account was consistent with the information we received from other witnesses, with hundreds of other atrocity stories from Kuwait carried by media around the globe, and consistent with reports by independent human rights organizations, such as Amnesty International, who also testified at our hearing and subsequently published accounts similar to Nayirah's."
This type of nut provides better average theoretical intonation across the instrument, although this improved accuracy may be below the threshold of human ability to hear it and may also be below the threshold of uncontrollable note-to-note intonation variability.
It must come about because of the structures that are present in human society.
Eric Baker (22 September 1920 – 11 July 1976) was a British activist and one of the founders of the human rights group Amnesty International, and the second Secretary-General of the organization.
TAPMI's programmes include a two-year residential post-graduate diploma in management including specialization in human resources, banking and financial services, marketing & sales, a Ph.
Therefore we appeal to the United Nations, believing that the defense of human rights is the sacred duty of this organization.The document was signed The Initiative Group for the Defense of Civil Rights in the USSR.
 The Limits of Human Cognition – an article describing the evolution of mammals' cognitive abilities
CTI provides internship and vocational training options in two, four, and six week course durations to students of engineering colleges and management institutes in: Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, Finance, Accounts and Human Resource Management.
There are no data available on the Municipal Human Development Index.
Decades of expanding human population and increasing demands for scarce agriculturally viable lands have led to the loss and fragmentation of the monkey's habitats.
Ergonomics in Design: The Quarterly of Human Factors Applications is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of ergonomics.
She was a delegate at the UN General Assembly and member of the All Party Committee for Human Rights from 1977 to 1989.
There, Blaxter and his team of researchers studied topics of importance to the Scottish farmer, including deer farming, llamas, human nutrition, feed evaluation, environmental stress and animal calorimetry.
She argues that had this been a case of secondary burial, then the human remains would not have been treated exactly the same as the animal remains, as they had been.
Their specialty is economic approaches to protecting the environment and plant, animal and human health from invasive species.
In 2008, Dodd received the Washington Office on Latin America's Human Rights Award.
The first discovery of human remains was made by the side of Ocean Parkway in Oak Beach on December 11, 2010.
Media naturalness theory (Kock, 2001; 2004) builds on human evolution ideas and has been proposed as an alternative to media richness theory.
It emphasises the idea that the human individual is a holistic, interdependent relationship between mind, body, and spirit, and that healing is a process in which an individual becomes whole by integrating with the powers of the universe.
Mohammad Sadiq Kaboudvand was among the latter who started an independent human rights association to defend the rights of the Kurdish people.
In an influential 1932 essay, Lionel Robbins defined economics as "the science which studies human behavior as a relationship between ends and scarce means which have alternative uses".
The location of towns would be decipherable, since for  every massing of human beings there would be a corresponding massing of certain nematodes.
These advantages led to WI-38 quickly replacing primary monkey kidney cells for human virus vaccine production.
 2011 "Introduction: From University to Pluriversity: A Decolonial Approach to the Present Crisis of Western Universities" (with Capucine Boidin and James Cohen), Human Architecture: Journal of the Sociology of Self-Knowledge, Vol.
An article by Dirk Schulze-Makuch (Washington State University) and Paul Davies (Arizona State University) from the book The Human Mission to Mars: Colonizing the Red Planet summarizes their rationale for Mars to Stay:
In an address that was played on the radio, King reflected on his experience and how it changed him: "Since being in India, I am more convinced than ever before that the method of nonviolent resistance is the most potent weapon available to oppressed people in their struggle for justice and human dignity.
The breeding population of Sooty falcons on the islands of northern Oman is in decline, with human disturbance on accessible islands a likely cause, as falcons breeding close to beaches have lower nesting success than those breeding further away.
Several companies and organisations, such as Google Calico, Human Longevity, Craig Venter, Gero, SENS Research Foundation, and Science for Life Extension in Russia, declared stopping or delaying ageing as their goal.
The Council, made up of world leaders from government, international organizations, civil society, business, finance and academia, will meet several times throughout the 18 months of its mandate to develop specific recommendations and a decision-making framework that balances economic development with ecosystem protection, while promoting human health and well-being.
A human mutation of CPA-6 has been linked to Duane's syndrome (abnormal eye movement).
 "Development of systems engineering technology including problem definition methods, modeling, and simulation, methods of system experimentation, human factors engineering data and methods, systems design techniques and test and evaluation methods;"
Additional purposes: In addition to the 6 purposes above, Ash and Levine listed determining KSAOs needed for promotion, determining workplace hazards to make jobs safer, job classification, job description, designing the content of jobs, and strategic human resource planning.
CCP operates under seven academic pathways: Business, Entrepreneurship & Law; Creative Arts; Design, Construction & Transportation; Education & Human Services; Health Care; Liberal Arts and Communications; and Science & Technology.
Unequal Protection: The Rise of Corporate Dominance and the Theft of Human Rights
Due to the specific climatic and soil conditions that ferns require human based threats to their survival include habitat loss through forest clearance and introduced invasive plants.
2015: Felicitated at a charity dinner hosted by The British Asian Trust in London for her Contribution to the fight against human trafficking.
EAEC are defined by their "stacked-brick" pattern of adhesion to the human laryngeal epithelial cell line HEp-2.
 Clash of the Carts – The competition invites teams of amateur engineers, mechanics, performing artists, general goofballs, and others to create outrageous human powered soapbox carts to race against the clock in a two block downhill sprint to the finish line in uptown.
This means to know the logic of the good, to understand the rational explanation of the universe, and the nature and possibilities of being human.
Around the time that Luo Ji is appointed as a Wallfacer, an aeronautical engineer named Cheng Xin is working for the Staircase Project, which aims to launch a human toward the Trisolaran fleet at 1% of light-speed, someone who can serve as an informal diplomat for earth while gathering intelligence.
Prior to taking his life, Kan updated an electronic copy of his resume hosted on a University of California, Berkeley server to read "Summary: Sad example of a human being.
During the campaign Esma Palić has filed lawsuits in the Constitutional Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the European Court of Human Rights in Strassburg.
Dr. Charles P. Bailey, an American heart surgeon in Philadelphia, made the first successful human test of an instrument to dilate the aortic valve.
The critic Igor Zolotussky, one of the first reviewers of the novel, noticed: "Yuri Dombrovsky makes it clear that the Christian idea is unthinkable without Christ, without his human behavior in conditions of cruelty and lawlessness.
Human missense mutations in RanBP2 were identified in its leucine-rich domain and they cause autosomal dominant necrotizing encephalopathy (ADNE).
While the demon rests, the bed's evil is contained, but once every ten years, the demon wakes, giving the bed the power to physically eat human beings.
Female genital mutilation has been described as "the worst substantial human rights violation in Benin".
In regards to the right to medical care (including palliative care) in Article 25 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Connor implored the UN General Assembly to provide adequate medical use of controlled substances without their misuse, calling access to pain relief "a global crisis."
 Janice Gabrilove, hematologist-oncologist and inventor of patent describing initial isolation and characterization of human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF)
The subpopulation of the Kaapsehoop cycad which once occurred on the rocky slopes of Mariepskop is virtually extinct due to human factors, and the Fusarium fungus that attacks their cones.
KCA University, Kenya, Honorary Doctorate degree of Human Letters (honoris causa) in Education, 27 November 2016 
He commands a group of several virtual human avatars in green and black-striped ninja-like costumes to counter the Lyoko Warriors' efforts to hack into his system.
Incorporating both analytical and human dimensions 
Nuremberg International Human Rights Film Festival 2009.
The Madonna herself is of hardly human proportions—she is almost twice the size of the angels to her right.
Kriegstein discovered that the outer subventricular zone, a progenitor region in the developing human brain, contains a novel neural stem cell type he termed the outer radial glial (oRG).
Christina Patterson wrote for The Independent: “Erdrich's precise lyricism is rightly acclaimed... more successful is her ability to encompass, in her encyclopaedic scope, a profound sense of the astonishing range of human yearning: the ways in which people and communities find the love, laughter and meanings they need to get through.”
Besides, the proportion of human hands have evolved in order to allow it to be a more dangerous weapon and reduce the risk of having injuries.
In other cases, Peacefire has presented evidence that several filtering programs block some websites without having a human being review those sites first, despite the filtering companies' claims to the contrary.
The wound triggers a deep inner change in the character, who gets rid of his cannibalistic drives and becomes more human and compassionate.
Ecological research shows that turtle numbers decline with proximity to human settlements.
Ain Aouda secret prison is a suspected black site, torture and detention centre operated by the Directorate for the Surveillance of the Territory (Direction de la surveillance du territoire, DST), the Moroccan domestic intelligence agency implicated in past and ongoing human rights violations.
The technique is not restricted to tree rings; for example, a stratified tephra sequence in New Zealand, believed to predate human colonization of the islands, has been dated to 1314 AD ± 12 years by wiggle-matching.
Mahfud was appointed Minister of Justice and Human Rights.
 ECHR 2005 Case brought to attention European Convention on Human Rights
Since the early 19th century, such thinkers as Hegel, Darwin, Freud, Marx, Kierkegaard, Nietzsche, and Sartre, as well as structuralists and postmodernists more generally, have also sometimes argued against a fixed or innate human nature.
Defects in this gene are a cause of several human inherited syndromes all of which show autosomal recessive inheritance.
This name is in reference to the Tax1 protein of the Human T-cell Lymphotropic Virus (HTLV) which was used to discover Tax1BP3 in a yeast 2-hybrid screen and subsequently verified by co-IP.
Two Eleven debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 and atop the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, with first-week sales of 65,000 copies—less than Norwood's previous effort Human (2008), which had first-week sales of 73,000 copies.
The results are by no means as accurate as a human census.
: The Malaysian government said the Iraqi people should decide how Saddam would be brought to justice on accusations of gross human rights violations.
Unlike the Mōlī, it prefers windswept, sandy spots away from human habitation.
Themes which are central to his music include life in Western Canada, and the human experience as seen through the eyes of working folk.
Conjugated systems of fewer than eight conjugated double bonds absorb only in the ultraviolet region and are colorless to the human eye.
He insisted on grounding moral discussion in the common understanding of the mass of human kind.
2000 – "The Security Dilemma Revisited: Implications for Asia Pacific," in Asia's Emerging Regional Order: Reconciling Traditional and Human Security, ed.
This makes measuring moral progress even more difficult from measuring human progress in general.
The report also stated that the conspiracy to murder of Ahmad Waqass Goraya, a Pakistani Human Rights activist living in exile in Netherlands, in June 2021, was also planned by ISI.
Ajoy Roy (1 March 1935 – 9 December 2019) was a Bangladeshi professor of physics at the University of Dhaka, but was best known for his prominent role in Bangladesh's human rights activism and freethinking.
 Jiang Tianyong (江天勇), a human rights activist and lawyer, was detained by police on 19 February 2011, when he was grabbed and thrown into a waiting van.
A batter stands at one end of the cage, with a pitching machine (or, less often, a human pitcher) at the opposing end.
Overall, the Holocene extinction can be linked to the human impact on the environment.
Embodied Collective Memory: The Making and Unmaking of Human Nature.
 Mallika Dutt, 1983 - executive director of Breakthrough, an international human rights organization
She challenged the practice of the Pittsburgh Press of separating help wanted classified advertising by those employers seeking women or men in columns with different headings in a complaint she filed in 1969 to the Pittsburgh Human Relations Commission.
(English version: "Do we still want to be Human?"
He took his imagery from both the everyday rituals of African American rural life in the south and urban life in the north, melding those American experiences with his personal experiences and with the themes of classical literature, religion, myth, music and daily human ritual."
"The Human was extremely tall.
Forecasting Financial Benefits of Human Resource Development
 European Society of Human Genetics ESHG Award Laureate, 2021
She is vocal against human rights violations including enforced disappearances, target killing of Baloch and Pashtuns political workers, and ethnic cleansing of the Hazaras.
 It articulates a deeply phenomenological and partially mythic overarching narrative about the origination and telos of the human world that serves to structure the entire tradition.
Users can enjoy free, both in-door and outdoor seamless wireless broadband access with speeds of up to 1 Mbit/s at with high human traffic.
EUmap.org article by Doroshevich about human rights organizations and the Internet in Belarus.
The Permanent Observer of the Holy See to UNEP and UN-HABITAT is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church, which, as a diplomatic post of the Holy See, represents the interests of the Holy See to the United Nations Environment Programme and the United Nations Human Settlements Programme.
Despite—or perhaps because of—an idyllic world, technology is stagnant, no great art has been produced in generations, and the human population is dropping slowly.
 Medicines for Human Use (Prescribing) (Miscellaneous Amendments) Order 2006 (S.I.
Jennifer Rubin wrote in her Washington Post opinion column "Right Turn" that the organization exposes self-described human rights groups as being what they call anti-Israeli groups.
CSL Limited is an Australian multinational specialty biotechnology company that researches, develops, manufactures, and markets products to treat and prevent serious human medical conditions.
After immense materiel and human losses on both sides during the First Punic War, the Carthaginians were defeated.
Writing about race in Bright Skies and Dark Shadows, Field claimed that segregation was part of human instinct which could not be overcome through legislation.
According to this view, early alchemists such as Zosimos of Panopolis (c. AD 300) highlighted the spiritual nature of the alchemical quest, symbolic of a religious regeneration of the human soul.
According to Vanity Fair, "Levine put together a facebook of human history ... the durability of those Levine depicted, plus the unique insight with which he drew them, guarantees the immortality of his works".
Genital cutting refers to genital modification and mutilation of the human genitals using a cutting instrument.
The International Organization for Migration (IOM) reports that "over 1,000 victims of human trafficking have been identified and assisted in Burundi since 2017."
Veterinary vaccines are in development, and their use is being considered by a number of countries on account of the risk to human health and economic losses resulting from livestock infection.
Together they crossed a lake to reach Burkhan Khaldun where they gave birth to a human male.
Milch's reply (in English) was along the lines of 'these people are not human beings in the same way as you and me!'
Ben is almost immortal when in his Thing form, as he only ages when he is human.
 Human impact of Internet use
Sullivan was "immensely pleased" and, with much relief, accepted it, writing in his diary, "Pretty story, no topsy turvydom, very human, & funny also".
It covers geographical topics of interest to Norwegian researchers giving equal weight to human and natural geography.
Their observations and theories about autism provide a now widely accepted approach for understanding other human mental and physical abnormalities.
In his 80s, Kurdaş was fascinated by an excavation in southeastern Turkey that he thought might be a key for understanding the course of human history.
Human rights in the West Bank
In 2015, following a press release, de Zayas urged trade negotiators to address the Doha Round commitments to promote equal and fair trade at the Tenth Ministerial Conference in Nairobi, Kenya.The Guardian published his op-ed on adverse human rights impacts of free trade and investment agreements.
After being socialized in a human home as infants, the monkeys undergo extensive training before being placed with a quadriplegic.
However, there is no high-quality evidence that resveratrol improves lifespan or has an effect on any human disease.
Typhus research involving human subjects, who were purposely infected with the disease, was also carried out in various Nazi concentration camps, in particular at Buchenwald and Sachsenhausen and to a lesser extent at Auschwitz.
A complaint was lodged in December 2009 with the South African Human Rights Commission regarding inflammatory comments he was alleged to have made.
Guy Lodge of Variety called it "a technically sharp backwoods horror-thriller that lacks a human element".
in human services from Northern New Mexico College in 1993 and graduated from the College of Santa Fe (now Santa Fe University of Art and Design) with a B.A.
This was changed by the time human flights began.
Crash bars are fitted to these types of doors because they are proven to save lives in the event of human crushes.
The term is related to the general concepts of assault and murder against victims due to their gender, with violence against women and men being problems dealt with by human rights efforts.
Novodvorskaya received the Galina Starovoitova Award "for contribution to the defense of human rights and strengthening democracy in Russia".
She is Professor Emerita in the University of Virginia’s School of Education and Human Development.
The new and developing Local Government is blessed with abundant human and natural resources that can sustain any agro-based industries and other investment.
The Database Center for North Korean Human Rights in Seoul, Kore published a detailed report based on in-depth interviews with 20 of the former POWs who have escaped to South Korea.
In 2005, Mendell reported in the journal Nature  that a gene often mutated in cancer cells, c-Myc, influences the expression of several miRNAs encoded in a cluster on human chromosome 13.
The parents appealed the case to the Court of Appeal, the Supreme Court and the European Court of Human Rights.
The essential mission of the Directorate-General is to ensure the European Commission runs smoothly by laying down its policies on human resources and security.
Labor includes all physical and mental human resources, including entrepreneurial capacity and management skills, which are required to produce products and services.
These fossils serve as a reminder that taxonomic divisions are human constructs that have been imposed in hindsight on a continuum of variation.
This census data also shows that the Wholesale and Retail trade is the most popular industry in the parish, with other industries such as Human Health and Social Work Activities and Agriculture, Forestry and fishing also receiving similar figures.
Should we continue to fight, not only would it result in an ultimate collapse and obliteration of the Japanese nation, but also it would lead to the total extinction of human civilization.
Public television stations carried some Free Speech TV's special series, such as Just Solutions: Campaigning for Human Right.
A notable early resident of Liverpool Street was the Charles Roach Smith, the English antiquarian and amateur archaeologist, who noted the accidental discovery of human remains at the site in the mid 19th century.
Her PhD studies led to her interest in the influence of the gut microbiota on human health and disease.
He also has interests in studying human decision-making.
These supplements have limited testing in human clinical trials, and their potential for the treatment of BPH, androgenic alopecia, and related conditions is unknown.
He also revealed that the lobbying work has three major goals, including promoting human rights legislation, encouraging Australia's economy and trade to reduce dependence on Beijing, and expanding measures to accommodate Hong Kong people.
Between Ubisoft's internal investigation and a study by the newspaper Libération, employees had been found to have records of sexual misconduct and troubling behaviour, going back up to 10 years, which had been dismissed by the human resources departments.
The sensor, consisting of filter paper coated with single-walled carbon nanotubes and antibodies against human mesothelin, was said to measure the level of mesothelin to test for the presence of cancer in a patient.
Traces of human settlement dating back to 40,000 BC were found near Lake Kezanoi.
After the authors decided that the maiden's and princess's astrological signs were Taurus and Leo, respectively, Human included depictions of the Taurus and Leo constellations in their illustrations on the book's endpapers.
They also show that inhibition of these pathways with identified drugs prevented viral replication in human cells which may aid the development of COVID-19 therapies.
 Romano Archives, University of Connecticut Human Rights Institute
An information society refers to a social system, meanwhile, the Information Age refers to an era in human civilization, a worldwide phenomenon.
She graduated with a  Bachelor's Degree from Hofstra University's School of Education, Health and Human Services.
The APA has since published many versions of their Ethics Code and currently operate under the code passed in 2002 The National Research Act then established the National Commission for the Protection of Human Subjects of Biomedical and Behavioral Research, which was the first national commission whose entire focus was the protection of experimental subjects.
He presided over the 709 crackdown on 9 July 2015, which saw more than 200 lawyers, legal assistants and human rights activists being detained.
It contains modules such as sales (order entry), products, marketing, customers, purchasing, warehouse, maintenance, general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable, human resources, utilities, DBA, as well as full shipping and selling channel integration, including Amazon.com, eBay, FedEx, and UPS.
Culture and Human Development, Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice-Hall, 1974, .
On 10 April 2012, the European Court of Human Rights published its landmark ruling that both men could be extradited from Britain to the US to face terrorism charges.
Further criticism stems from the inappropriate awarding of a nearly $900,000 no-bid contract by his "volunteer" adviser (and former Cabletron human resource administrator) Linda Pepin, who was not licensed to broker such a deal.
The animal may also emit a very similar sound during periods of great joy, such as the return of the owner after an extended absence, or the arrival of a favoured human guest.
In State of the Planet (2000), he used the latest scientific evidence and interviews with leading scientists and conservationists to assess the impact of human activities on the natural world.
The phrase, meaning "critical friend" in Chinese, is meant to encompass building a broad-based relationship with an explicit and specific capability to discuss concerns about human rights.
The wavelengths of sound frequencies audible to the human ear (20 Hz–20 kHz) are thus between approximately 17 m and 17 mm, respectively.
As the European Court of Human Rights has stated, the law should be adequately accessible to everyone and people should be able to foresee how the law affects them.
With members of Property Maintenance, Public Works, Health and Human Services, Public Safety, and Constituent Services, Mayor Green walks through sections of each ward on a bi-weekly basis to assess needs and concerns of residents and address areas that need cleaning, rehabilitation and improved safety.
The region has a very sparse human population engaged mainly in fishing and hunting.
These PAHs are known human carcinogens and the acceptable concentrations of them in soil are typically around 1 mg/kg.
You became a doll without human feelings!"
The region around Karachi has been the site of human habitation for millennia.
The group has defined its mission as, "to promote human rights and social, economic, and environmental justice around the world."
In the eighth season, she becomes committed to a human parole officer, Henry Mitchell (Ivan Sergei), whom she marries.
Some groups and people concerned about the impacts of population growth have been critical of FoE's focus on consumption and equity in regards to resource distribution and called on the organisation to campaign more directly for a reduction in human population.
Treponema succinifaciens has been found in the gut microbiome of traditional rural human populations.
He is currently the president of the Foundation for the Restoration of Human Dignity(FORHD), an NGO into the service of the distressed children and women belonging to the families of convicts.
He is an economist with a liberal viewpoint, interested in employment and human development issues.
message" was encoded in human DNA.
Migratory birds breed undisturbed by human presence on the islands.
The Oracles (Randall Slavin and Carey Cannon) first appear in the episode "I Will Remember You" where they turn back time and make Angel a vampire again after he was made human by a Mohra demon.
The secretary is assisted in managing the department by the Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, who is also appointed by the president.
As a human wave attack advanced on S/Sgt.
While he was experiencing a Yithian existence in Earth's ancient past, the Yithian occupying his body was experiencing a human one in the present day.
The pair encounter an AI and a clone of Jill, and a black box with a glowing light simply labeled as "Albert", which presumably contains his intellect (Fly and Arlene discover that Albert spent many years researching a way to extend the human lifespan so that he would be able to see Arlene again).
Arizona – Uses definition of tangible personal property to be anything that can be discerned by human perception, which includes digital goods transmitted electronically.
In October 2015, the NASA Office of Inspector General issued a health hazards report related to space exploration, which included the potential hazards of a human mission to Mars.
During his student years, from 1960-1970's, Khosrow became an active member of the Human Rights Movement of Iran.
PUNK IS: a movement that serves to refute social attitudes that have been perpetuated through willful ignorance of human nature”.
), but it will readily consume insects, small vertebrates, fruit, bird eggs, and human garbage as well.
There are many proposals to save coastal areas by reducing human damage, including restoring natural floods from the Mississippi.
While chimpanzees rapidly lose interest in the discovery, human infants typically become very interested and devote much time and effort to exploring the connections between their bodies and their images.
Army Human Resource Command (HRC), Missouri, moving to the Fort Knox Military Installation in Kentucky
The lab is now expanding the concept of dynamic, functional PET imaging to measure real-time neurotransmitter release in the living human brain.
 CGNL1 protein, human at the US National Library of Medicine Medical Subject Headings (MeSH)
All OPIC projects adhered to high environmental and social standards and respected human rights, including worker's rights.
It was released in 1981 and was produced by BEF (former Human League members Martyn Ware and Ian Craig Marsh.)
Tan's laboratory isolated sufficient amounts of human beta interferon to perform the first amino acid, sugar composition and N-terminal analyses.
Here, I am not a Negro but a human being for the first time in my life ...
He is reported to possess a number of leadership skills, including "prudent financial management, human resource management and good governance".
In pigs, a region homologous to human C12orf40 plays a role in arthrogryposis, a disease characterized by congenital fibrosis.
Sergio Karakachoff (June 27, 1939 - September 10, 1976) was an Argentinian journalist, human rights lawyer and politician.
Critics of the policy have described it as the Sinicization of Xinjiang and they have also called it an ethnocide or a cultural genocide, while some governments, activists, independent NGOs, human rights organizations, academics, government officials, and the East Turkistan Government-in-Exile have called it a genocide.
The human rights group Reprieve also released a statement in response, saying they were shocked that the state had gone ahead with the execution despite the warnings from experts.
The resulting scene, which is apparently dark to a human observer, appears as a monochrome image on a normal display device.
An offstage voice recalls a time when the human race "suddenly encountered a deadly threat to its very existence".
The "Connecting the Dots" document called for the institution of a "Connecting the Dots Day" at elementary schools for students in Grade 6, which Smith suggested would be the best grade in which to introduce the concept of human trafficking to students because younger children are increasingly at risk of being victimized.
On the second it talks of a man having to find himself, seek his destiny, rid himself of fears and become more human."
As a country with a Constitution and a Bill of Rights, we need to continue to support and enforce ours, and [use it to] recognize the rights of human beings all over the world".
These are referred to as the "determinants of health", which include the individual's background, lifestyle, economic status, social conditions and spirituality; Studies have shown that high levels of stress can affect human health.
In their human form, Hunbatz and Hunchouen were efficient in arts and craftsmanship, and these monkey twins are seen as patron gods to this discipline.
Many early theories suggested that self-esteem is a basic human need or motivation.
"I was a small human bridge between Gen. Douglas MacArthur's conquering army and a puzzled but receptive Japanese public."
On November 17, the District of Columbia Board of Ethics and Elections rejected a proposed ballot measure to ban same-sex marriage, saying that the proposed ballot measure "authorizes discrimination prohibited under the District of Columbia Human Rights Act."
In 2012, Wickard was central to arguments in National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius and Florida v. United States Department of Health and Human Services on the constitutionality of the individual mandate of the Affordable Care Act, with both supporters and opponents of the mandate claiming that Wickard supported their positions.
"Up from Alienation: The Wilhelmsian Vision of the Human Person".
Unfortunately, most of such unions end tragically for the human.
Schools that developed around earlier thinkers such as Abu Hanifa and al-Ash'ari searched for ways to explain how both human qadar and divine jabr could be asserted at the same time.
The human cornea is a transparent membrane which allows light to pass through it.
It was founded in 2012, and publishes articles related to constitutional law in the United States, including human rights, legal and political theory, socio-legal studies, and legal history.
According to the Human Rights Watch report, the Burmese government and local authorities played a key role in the forcible displacement of more than 125,000 Rohingya people and other Muslims in the region.
During the band's Ozzy Osbourne era, Butler wrote most of the band's lyrics, drawing heavily upon his fascination with religion, science-fiction, fantasy and horror, and musings on the darker side of human nature that posed a constant threat of global annihilation.
Deworming (sometimes known as worming, drenching or dehelmintization) is the giving of an anthelmintic drug (a wormer, dewormer, or drench) to a human or animals to rid them of helminths parasites, such as roundworm, flukes and tapeworm.
The Sanskrit College is operated by Human Resource Department, Govt.
Shirin Tahir-Kheli, Senior Director for Democracy, Human Rights and International Operations of the National Security Council (2003–05) (endorsed Joe Biden)
Early evidence of human activity in this area has been found in rock carvings on the Binn, thought to be about 4,000 years old.
Bruce Lincoln, a contemporary member of the Ritual School, argues for instance that the Proto-Indo-Europeans believed that every sacrifice was a reenactment of the original sacrifice performed by the founder of the human race on his twin brother.
For example, in portrait mode, the camera would use a wider aperture to render the background out of focus and would seek out and focus on a human face rather than other image content.
Dooyeweerd wrote that, in the case of thinkers who presume that human thought is autonomous, who operate by the dictum that it does not matter whether God exists or not, such a thinker's basic commitment to autonomous thought forces him to pick out some aspect of the creation as the origin of all meaning.
They track Sonia down to a human trafficking business that Man Mountain Marko and Janus Jardeesh (Kingpin's former minion) were working for.
This is currently the only known example of a megatsunami that was indirectly caused by human activities.
The Chapter 1 uses many similes using nature to describe how the soul and the human body interact.
The Wisłok valley must have been an important trade route and human settlement axis as early as 9th or 10th century.
As with other human migration, the social environment is often considered to be a key reason for this population shift.
With his colleagues, he developed scientific instrumentation and methods for evaluating human respiratory performance under normal conditions, while exercising, and during illness.
The IKAP protein is thought to participate as a sub-unit in the assembly of a six-protein putative human holo-Elongator complex, which allows for transcriptional elongation by RNA polymerase II.
It usually refers exclusively to using a paddle to propel a canoe with only human muscle power.
The pack has a Tidy Man logo, which is a human figure in the shape of the 5 logo.
Amnesty International expressed concern in 2006 regarding the Olympic Games to be held in China in 2008, likewise expressing concerns over the human rights situation.
In the Age of Apocalypse universe, Sauron, redubbed Soaron is a more heroic figure, though he is extremely bad-tempered and reclusive, and he is never seen in human form.
They were also unconvinced that the fossils could be confidently associated with the Acheulian artefacts from the sites, and suggested that—as an alternative to archaic human activity—apparent size-selection could have been caused by either natural geological processes or 19th-century collectors favouring this specific form.
In his writings expressions of what is known as the unio mystica of the human and the supernal intellects may be discerned.
Thirty-eight species are threatened with extinction as a result of human activities.
The operation occurred during a week in which human rights groups were pressuring the Clinton administration to use U.S. troops to help detain some of the dozens of war criminals still at large.
 human trafficking and forced labor (Claire and Mark Headley v. Church of Scientology International)
AIDS-related encephalomyelitis, caused by opportunistic Human T-lymphotropic virus type III (HTLV-III) infection.
Of their third album Human Graffiti BMA magazine commented that the album "sees the folk influences of the Goody Hallett and Other Stories album left behind for a more poppy, up-tempo collection of songs," and that the album "is full of catchy, bright foot tappers."
She received her doctorate in medicine from the University of Paris (12-Val de Marne), her doctorate in psychiatry (1978), and her doctorate in literature and human sciences from the University of Paris Ouest (Nanterre La Défense) in 1986.
Disordered proteins and short linear motifs are particularly abundant in many RNA viruses such as Hendra virus, HCV, HIV-1 and human papillomaviruses.
When Abuela Alma's body was revised to a more naturalistic shape, Mirabel's body was also revised in the same direction as well, which meant the shape of Mirabel's neckline more closely approximated real-life human anatomy.
Using an MRI scanner, Brüel & Kjær and DTU collected the geometries of a large population of human ears.
A subsequent campaign featured Slim Jim Guy (played by actor Demetri Goritsas), a human personification of a Slim Jim who would wreak havoc on the digestive system of anyone who ate it and used the slogan "Eat me!"
On 10 November 2011, she was awarded the René Cassin Human Rights Prize, given by the Justice department of the Basque Country government; the prize came with an award of 16,550 euros.
When the Neo-Latin poet Hieronymus Osius included the fable in his 1564 collection, he added consideration of the effects of disunion: "Just as concord supplies potency in human affairs, so a quarrelsome life deprives people of their strength."
The Stoic sage will never find life intolerable and will complain of no one, neither deity nor human.
It focuses on three teenage girls in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., who work as undercover super agents for The World Organization of Human Protection.
However, she has now decided to return to human society and her father's home.
 Marjory Mecklenburg (R) Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Resources used travel funds to see her son's Denver Bronco games.
Arihantas, at the end of their human life-span, destroy all remaining aghātiyā karmas and attain Siddhahood.
Turkey's declining human rights record, growing censorship and the authoritarianism of the AKP government also therefore dominated the agenda and the opposition parties' campaigns.
However, the statement noted that the report failed to address in detail "the question of holding those people responsible for human rights violations to account".
This more closely corresponds to the perception of color in the human visual system.
The award is intended to honour individuals who, by actions in contrast to the majority, demonstrate a respect for human life that transcends ideology, politics, expediency, personal or career interests and even personal safety, under circumstances in which people's lives are threatened because of their identity as part of a group subject to mass violence.
While ecosystem services are often valued in terms of immediate benefits to human well-being and economy, NBS focus on the benefits to people and the environment itself, to allow for sustainable solutions that are able to respond to environmental change and hazards in the long-term.
7 February 2001: Yusril Ihza Mahendra resigns as Minister of Justice and Human Rights.
The "affinities" are overarching philosophies on human advancement that shape players' technological advancement and unlock affinity-unique units.
In the human brain, the rhomboid fossa is divided into symmetrical halves by a median sulcus which reaches from the upper to the lower angles of the fossa and is deeper below than above.
He sometimes goes beyond normal human limits as Ibn-e-Safi cast him as an extreme masculine model of physical fitness and moral excellence.
 Human Physiology, Statistical and Dynamical; or, the Conditions and Course of the Life of Man.
In June 2013, the verdict of the ECtHR defined “unpersuasive” the argument used by the Agency according to which it did not hold the information requested and found that the restrictions imposed by the Serbian intelligence agency were not justified by domestic law and hence constituted a violation of article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
 Anne Tamar-Mattis, American attorney, human rights advocate, and founder of interACT 
 : The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Bahrain strongly condemned the terrorist blast and expressed its heartfelt condolences and sincere consolation to the relatives and families of the victims and its wishes for speedy recovery of the people who were wounded in this terrorist act that is alien to all religious, human and moral values.
The ecosystems in Everglades National Park have suffered significantly from human activity, and restoration of the Everglades is a politically charged issue in South Florida.
 Mandell Crawley: Chief Human Resources Officer
 Paul Williams, Ed, "The International Bill of Human Rights", Entwhistle, 1981.
 Human Memory – University of Amsterdam website with test based on the work of Galton
and he finishes with "The miraculous economy of these tales, their clear-sighted understanding of the transitoriness of human affections and loyalties, and their sense of the mysteriousness at the centre of the most simple and ordinary of lives, continually made me think of Chekhov.
Earnest Hooton at Harvard's Peabody Museum studied the more than 2,000 sets of human remains from Pecos in the first physical anthropological study of population groups through time.
Clarke worked with synthpop producer Martyn Ware (of Heaven 17 and The Human League) in 1999 as The Clarke & Ware Experiment and released the album Pretentious.
Bivalve molluscs, like mussels and scallops, feeding on these microscopic algae may accumulate these toxins, which are a potential risk to human health.
Efforts should continue to be made in order to prevent disastrous edge effects resulting from fires, climate change, and human impact from commercial hunting and logging.
Eugene A. Tan, Human rights lawyer, author, and professor of law.
Also, this stimulation to the brain can not be studied on healthy human subjects.
 Gregg Phillips, former head of the Mississippi Department of Human Services
Nat Tate also appears in Any Human Heart, also by Boyd, with a wry footnote to the 1998 book.
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services recommends eating more dark green vegetables, orange vegetables, legumes, and fruits; eating less refined grains, fat, and calories; and obtaining 60 minutes of physical activity on most days.
A powerful terrorist known as "The Cobra" (Marjoe Gortner), has infected Sean Davidson (David Bradley), the American ninja, with a deadly virus as human guinea pigs in his biological warfare experiments.
Hösle defends ethical universalism and many recent achievements of the modern state, such as "the international codification of human rights."
 Aerospace Medicine and Human Performance - A peer reviewed monthly publication that was first published in 2015 and is indexed in PubMed.
On the show, Batiste and Stay Human have performed alongside Billy Joel, Will Smith, Wynton Marsalis, John Legend, Grace VanderWaal, and Nas.
On October 30, 2018, the California Department of Motor Vehicles issued a permit for Waymo to operate fully driverless cars (i.e., cars without human safety drivers).
Bellarmine's books bear the stamp of their period; the effort for literary elegance (so-called "maraviglia") had given place to a desire to pile up as much material as possible, to embrace the whole field of human knowledge, and incorporate it into theology.
For the 2010 contest in September 2010 she joined Jeremy Vine, Ben Brown and Naga Munchetty to perform a rendition of The Human League's Don't You Want Me?
Clarke is left as the sole human to not Transcend and returns to Earth after collecting Russell's dog Picasso from Sanctum.
The primary goal of MCEIRS was to enhance the understanding of how AI viruses evolve, adapt, and spread among animal and human populations.
And: what does it mean to be a human being?”
José Miguel Vivanco, Americas Director of Human Rights Watch described the decree as, "giv[ing] the armed forces a blank check to commit abuses instead of working to restore the rule of law in the country".
The  Koelbjerg Man, formerly known as  Koelbjerg Woman, is the oldest known bog body and also the oldest set of human bones found in Denmark, dated to the time of the Maglemosian culture around 8000 BC.
The theme of a human telepath "absorbing" the mind of an alien and thereby gaining various abilities and pieces of information was also at the center of Clifford Simak's Time Is the Simplest Thing.
The Yellow Book is mentioned in W. Somerset Maugham's Of Human Bondage (1915):
Of all the aspects of human existence, sexual reproduction may have the most detailed articulation with malnutrition.
 The ability to operate mathematically is an aspect of human functioning which is as universal as language itself.
They are exposed to spiritual and human formation, which roots their faith in Jesus Christ, and prepares them to go on to seminaries in the United Kingdom or Ireland, or to Rome or elsewhere.
Prior to implementing the Assisted Human Reproduction Act (AHR) in 2004, PGD was unregulated in Canada.
The endorsement by Sebelius, who went on to serve as Secretary of Health & Human Services in the Obama Administration, along with Obama's roots in the state, may have contributed to his large victory in the Kansas Democratic Primary.
Defensins of mammals display anti-cancer activities in vitro, and down-regulation of human beta-defensin 1 is associated with increased risk of prostate cancer and clear-cell carcinomas.
There are three lines on the outer surface of the ring and they represent three rivers of human body: Ida, Pingala and Sushumna.
In his rescue attempt, Guybrush inadvertently turns LeChuck into a human and releases a voodoo pox over the Gulf of Melange.
The current world record for the shortest light-pulse generated by human technology is 43 as.
As per the Human Development Report for Malda district, published in 2006, the percentage of rural families in BPL category in Old Malda CD Block was 39.2%.
He was the spokesperson for the human rights group Karapatan, Sorsogon.
Mīmānsākas were predominantly concerned with the central motivation of human beings, the highest good, and actions that make this possible.
In the foreground are three small human figures in conversation beside a road based on an oil study of three Bedouins.
King Stupid has files on every human and can make them behave stupidly using an advanced computer system.
Part A – Introduction, Human Factors, and Fundamentals of Safety;
Lee and Hamilton relate to Adam the story of Cain and Abel, and tell him that God's admonition to Cain - "Timshel", Hebrew for "thou mayest" - symbolizes a human being's freedom to choose between good and evil and forge their own path in life.
He functioned as a member of the Committee on Youth and Sports since 15 May 2002 and Committee on Human Rights, Minority and Religious Affairs since 4 June 2002.
Ben is the only unpowered human left, and he takes advantage of that fact to correct the timeline.
Perceiving its vulnerability after independence, he again set aside his pacifism in the name of human preservation, when president Harry Truman recognized Israel in May 1948.
In 2005 Wilton became Professor of Human Sexuality at the Sociology School at UWE in recognition of her achievements, which itself was remarkable given she had only begun to embark on an academic career fifteen years earlier.
With funding and human support, the temple gained back its popularity in 1999.
The first appearance of gore—the realistic mutilation of the human body—in cinema can be traced to D. W. Griffith's Intolerance (1916), which features numerous Guignol-esque touches, including two onscreen decapitations, and a scene in which a spear is slowly driven through a soldier's naked abdomen as blood wells from the wound.
Muhammad's wisdom is uniqueness (fardiya) because he is the most perfect existent creature of this human species.
Using its network of monitoring probes, the project has uncovered and documented systematic mass-censorship of communications infrastructure, primarily social media services, during national emergencies and incidents of political significance relating to human rights, freedom of expression and public policy in the region.
Vidsich focuses on a proactive defense of human rights, civil liberties and constitutional freedoms.
All the souls destined for the human race were created together with the various organs of Adam.
At present, the following human Gla-containing proteins (Gla proteins) have been characterized to the level of primary structure: the blood coagulation factors II (prothrombin), VII, IX, and X, the anticoagulant proteins C and S, and the factor X-targeting protein Z.
She worked in Earl Davie's lab studying human prothrombin, another blood protein involved in coagulation.
According to Litch, "no human tribunal would think of executing judgment on a prisoner until after his trial; much less God."
The office is headed by the Chief Human Resources Officer (currently Christine Donohue), who has similar status as the Comptroller General of Canada - while housed under the Treasury Board Secretariat, its operation is independently carried out by the CHRO and not by TBS staff.
Recognizing that it would be difficult to achieve such goals single handedly, the group said they may, “forge alliances, seek collaboration and working agreements with other leftists and leftist organizations, anti-war movements as well as human rights activists, groups and mass organizations”.
This pacifistic element of their make up is referred to as the "prime barrier" and any Tomorrow Person who causes the loss of a human life would be driven insane by the confusion in their brain.
In some cases a sculpture of a human body is used instead.
On International Human Rights Day, Jenner discussed transgender rights with Samantha Power, the U.S.
Leviticus 20:2 and Deuteronomy 18:10 specifically outlaw the giving of children to Moloch, making it punishable by stoning; the Tanakh subsequently denounces human sacrifice as barbaric customs of Moloch worshippers (e.g.
hosting over 50,000 refugees primarily from South Sudan with 85% of arrivals composing of  women and children according to the Nations Development Programme Human Development Report.
ICP0 interacts with a human protein, known as  Neuronal Restrictive Silencer Factor (NRSF) or RE1-silencing transcription factor (REST) that regulates differences in gene expression between cells of neuronal or non-neuronal origin; NRSF is found in non-neuronal cells but not in fully differentiated neurons.
The Center for Inquiry, first supporting the petition of the Asian Human Rights Commission, organized a protest outside the Indonesian Embassy in Washington, DC on 18 June 2012, calling for Indonesian authorities to release and exonerate Aan.
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices - 2003: Guinea, U.S. Department of State
Iceland has led calls for an independent body to probe on the killings at the United Nations Human Rights Council at least in three occasions in 2017, 2018 and 2019.
One problem with the scattered populations of Cross River gorillas is that they are surrounded by human populations that cause threats such as bushmeat hunting and habitat loss.
Human alterations have occurred in different phases, including the period prior to industrialization.
 To undertake periodic review and appraisal of the human and material resources capabilities of Nigeria with a view to advancing their development, efficiency and effective utilization;
Founding Father Robert Morris said, "You will consider Philadelphia, from its centrical situation, the extent of its commerce, the number of its artificers, manufactures and other circumstances, to be to the United States what the heart is to the human body in circulating the blood."
One human minute (2007) dir.
2005 Paul Chadwick (Concrete: The Human Dilemma)
Dividing Read's writings on politics from those on art and culture is difficult, because he saw art, culture and politics as a single congruent expression of human consciousness.
Domestic Violence and Infringement of Their Human Rights; and Construction of Protection and
 Employ available technology to detect and track near-earth asteroids that threaten human populations via governments and private and philanthropic organizations.
She has assisted Doug Owsley with high-profile forensic cases, and her research is currently focused on human skeletal remains found in the Chesapeake region of Virginia and Maryland from the early colonial period.
However, No More Deaths testified before the Inter-American Commission of Human Rights in March 2012 and stated that in spite of raising their concerns for several years, "the agency has taken the position that such abuses simply do not occur."
His first collection of poems and drawings was published in 1974, under the title White Cat with a Human Face, this title was later shown in France in 2019.
After Galhos applied for and received refugee status in Canada, she campaigned for human rights in East Timor with the East Timor Alert Network as one of two Canadian representatives of the National Council of Maubere Resistance.
According to Tam Dalyell in 2003, the new Member of Parliament "was [the] only one MP that I can recollect making speeches about human rights in Iraq" in the House of Commons.
The goal of urban ecology is to achieve a balance between human culture and the natural environment.
One of the few completely human residents of Innsmouth, and an alcoholic.
Just prior to the WDC Annual Meeting in St. Petersburg, Zimbabwe had released from custody Farai Maguwu, a local human rights activist who it earlier had been accused of providing false information prejudicial to the state in connection with the Marange diamond fields.
After finding a space shuttle left by Pascal's ancestors, the party travel to Fodra where they meet Emeraude, the last remaining human on the desolated planet.
The large-scale transformation of simple commodity production into capitalist production based on the wage labour of employees occurred only in the last two centuries of human history.
In 2004, for its association with The Human League, the Crazy Daisy was nominated as one of Britain's top "Rock Landmarks" in a feature programme of the same name, although it did not eventually make the final top 10.
The Scribner shunt, a flexible Teflon tube that could be permanently implanted to connect an artery to a vein, was first implanted into a human patient.
This date confirmed Keith’s ascribed Upper Palaeolithic age for the fossil, while also reinforcing then-current views on the dating and modern human associations of the Aurignacian industry in north-western Europe.
Leukocytes are the main source of TWEAK including human resting and activated monocytes, dendritic cells and natural killer cells.
Over the next few years, the Department of Health and Human Services has stated that they will be working towards lawfully protecting the online privacy and digital transfers of patient Electronic Medical Records (EMR) under The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).
She is critical of feminism, and in her book MenschInnen, she argues that gender mainstreaming attempts to create sexless human beings.
Ikenga is a personal embodiment of human endeavor, achievement, success, and victory.
At that time, the strong e-learning movement was seen to promote rather naïve conception of human learning.
1994: Human sexuality: an encyclopedia.
It included discussions of safeguarding, to denote measures to protect the health, well-being and human rights of individuals, which allow people — especially children, young people and vulnerable adults — to live free from abuse, harm and neglect.
Nicholas Richard Cowdery  – For distinguished service to the law, to the protection of human rights, to professional legal bodies, and to the community.
Human skin pigmentation varies among populations in a striking manner.
The band released the album, Human Greed, in 1992 before splitting up.
In 2015, former Human Rights Minister and Federation BiH Vice President Mirsad Kebo talked about numerous war crimes committed against Serbs by mujahideen in Bosnia and their links with current and past Muslim officials including former and current presidents of federation and presidents of parliament based on war diaries and other documented evidence.
Nonetheless, a single bite can grievously injure a human if the animal involved is a powerful predator such as a great white or tiger shark.
The right to food, for example, was asserted in the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), and was again recognised in 1966 through Article 11 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
Some domestic human rights NGOs claimed to have been harassed and monitored by members of the security forces (see section 4).
Cooperatives and Manpower Development – Tapping Human Resources.
Moving to the University of Texas Health Science Center in Dallas, now the UT Southwestern Medical Center,  Brown and colleague Joseph L. Goldstein researched cholesterol metabolism and discovered that human cells have low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptors that extract cholesterol from the bloodstream.
  An evil cyborg duplicate of Janperson, originally a human, he is a lunatic and the president of a company known as Tatewaki Konzern.
Lake Apopka has a history of more than 100 years of human alteration, beginning with construction of the Apopka-Beauclair Canal in 1888.
The Structure of Pattern Languages (2000) argues that patterns (a concept central to the design pattern movement in CS and introduced by Alexander) encapsulate information about recurring design solutions and human activities.
Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) and machine learning analysis of large genomic datasets have led to the construction of SNP based polygenic predictors for human traits such as height, bone density, and many disease risks.
Her 2004 book Globalizing Democracy and Human Rights received the 2009 David Easton Award which is given by the American Political Science Association "for a book that broadens the horizons of contemporary political science".
Still longing to be a part of society again, he undergoes experiments by an ex-Nazi scientist that grants him the ability to drain the sanity from human beings.
Human females on the other hand generally retain more of the vellus hair.
Haksar Memorial Vol-1Contemplations on the Human Condition
Originally Sam's pet dog and best friend in the world, he transforms into a human in Lower Earth but retains canine traits and behaviours.
Most captured smooth lanternsharks are discarded, although some may be sold dried and salted for human consumption or processed into fishmeal.
Dictionary of the History of Ideas: Cosmic Voyages - Mentions (in passing) the story of Elijah being carried up to heaven in a flaming chariot as an inspiration for human flight
To see men as naturally programmed for violence is to endorse the most conservative views on human nature, and to see it as unchanging and unchangeable".
He played the leading role in revealing torture cases (such as the case of tortured Turkish diplomats) and in bringing human rights tragedies to the public attention (such as the case of Ahmet Burhan Atac).
The RNAi Consortium, or TRC, is a public-private partnership whose mission is to create libraries of  small hairpin RNAs (shRNAs) for 15'000 human and 15'000 mouse genes.
Marc D. Hauser (born October 25, 1959) is an American evolutionary biologist and a researcher in primate behavior, animal cognition and human behavior and neuroscience.
The wreck led to an end of the practice of exhuming human remains en masse in New Zealand and returning them to China.
In 2014, DARPA funded the Memex program with the explicit goal of combating human trafficking via domain-specific searches.
The completing of both mouse and human libraries is envisioned for the end of 2006 or beginning of 2007.
In a 2012 statement issued by Asian Human Rights Commission, it said that: "In Sindh province more than 100 nationalists were abducted and disappeared after 9/11, many were extra judicially killed and their tortured and bullet riddled bodies were dumped on the streets."
Button began working with human performance coach Michael Collier that year.
Some of them are animal, but most are human.
The Coalition Against Trafficking in Women (CATW) is an international non-governmental organization opposing human trafficking, prostitution, and other forms of commercial sex.
The term avatar, in colloquial use, is also an epithet or a word of reverence for any extraordinary human being who is revered for his or her ideas.
Meanwhile, Peter Elliott, a primatologist at the University of California, Berkeley, and his assistant Richard teach human communication to primates using a mountain gorilla named Amy.
Among the human polyomaviruses, STLPyV is most closely related to MWPyV; like MWPyV, its genome suggests different ancestries for the large tumor antigen and the major capsid protein VP1, implying that the virus might have evolved from an ancestral recombination event.
In January 2011, BSSF held a genocide and human rights lobby for South Asia at the British Parliament.
Daily Variety responded to the Legion by suggesting "It's almost impossible to over-dramatize human liberty whether it's a depiction of Patrick Henry...or a librarian sacrificing her reputation rather than her democratic principles."
DDX20 deficiency enhances NF-κB activity by impairing the NF-κB-suppressive action of microRNAs, and suggest that dysregulation of the microRNA machinery components may also be involved in pathogenesis in various human diseases.
Such ambiguity performed through human bodies about the are also conveyed in her artworks.
They found that one gene, CIITA, can help human cells resist the virus by activating another gene, CD74 p41.
The flow charts had entered Halley's lexicon around 1994 as both elements of paintings and as independent works; they are "readymade models from textbooks and manuals and other such sources of hierarchies or processes of various kinds, from business hierarchies and divisions of labor to psychological and sociological theories of human relationships and behavior to commodity-production processes."
It replaces the Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly Human Rights Prize, which was created in 2009 and awarded every two years.
He was the first person besides Dracula to know that Johnny is a human.
The bottle gourd may have been carried from Asia to Africa, Europe, and the Americas in the course of human migration, or by seeds floating across the oceans inside the gourd.
For Patricius, this role of man in creation corresponds to the task of poetry in the field of "art"  (arte), human products: Poetry mediates in an analogous way between the purely spiritual and the material.
For services to Human Rights, Disability and LGBT Issues.
Eşref Pasha himself (full name Hacı Mehmed Eşref Pasha) was a late-19th century Ottoman administrator who had risen to the position of deputy governor for Syria and who was known for his piousness and smooth human contacts.
Associate degree nursing programs have prerequisite and corequisite courses (which may include English, Math and Human Anatomy and Physiology) and ultimately stretch out the degree-acquiring process to about three years or greater.
According to Knutzen, there are no transcendent entities such as God, the devil, or immortal souls, the Bible is implausible due to its many contradictions, and the guidelines for human behavior should be reason and conscience.
It also has variant rules for bending weapons, human sacrifice for earth power and other rules that match the setting tone.
Another focus of zebrafish research is to understand how a gene called Hedgehog, a biological signal that underlies a number of human cancers, controls cell growth.
According to the Korean Council, the "Wednesday Demonstrations have turned into a place for solidarity between citizens and the victims, a living site for history education, a platform for peace and women's human rights, bringing people together in solidarity beyond gender, age, borders, and ideologies."
(PDF) Paper for the Symposium : Human migrations in continental East Asia and Taiwan: genetic, linguistic and archaeological evidence.
Independent TD Mattie McGrath in 2018 ruled out joining the Human Dignity Alliance.
Through this formulation Hockett made one of the earliest attempts to break down features of human language for the purpose of applying Darwinian gradualism.
A study on the evolution of modern human brain shape based on endocasts of Homo sapiens fossils from different geologic time periods is published by Neubauer, Hublin & Gunz (2018).
Examples include giving Orcs a low level way to heal units and adding a human unit that can disable enemy towers from the air.
The SFAC partnered with Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, San Francisco Grants for the Arts, and the San Francisco Human Rights Commission to launch a guaranteed income program in March 2021.
Hypnosis — which accomplishes alterations in human awareness — is a great way to very directly and quickly get people to alter pain."
As he argues, "it seems that it is this very nature of the concept that has allowed, on the one hand, human rights to receive such international acceptance as a theoretical enterprise and, on the other hand, has led the concept to be constantly challenged by different cultures worldwide."
A Kirkus Reviews journalist found that the book manages to "dig deep into the frailties of the human mind as well as the savagery of the American penal system and its ilk".
At its core, Take a Stand addressed reforming the loss of civic values that resulted from the Syrian occupation of Lebanon, including promoting democratic values and ending human rights abuses.
Hidden History of the Human Race was released to all formats on November 22, 2019 in the United States by Dark Descent Records in North America and Century Media Records in all other territories.
The motif of the marriage of a human woman with a god descended from the sky is recurrent in Polynesian mythology, as well as being evident in numerous other mythologies from various cultures.
DVL1, the human homolog of the Drosophila dishevelled gene (dsh) encodes a cytoplasmic phosphoprotein that regulates cell proliferation, acting as a transducer molecule for developmental processes, including segmentation and neuroblast specification.
The initial business line was Human Spaceflight focused on the definition of the European Manned Space Infrastructure.
According to human rights groups, black jails are a growing industry.
Robbie has been a vocal supporter of human rights, women's rights, gender equality and LGBT rights.
Damage or disruption of these natural goods and services can have severe consequences for human health.
Jordan would lose the legal battle because "the image of the disputed trademark is a human body in a shadowy design, which does not clearly reflect the major appearances of the figure.
Human disturbed landscapes – such as the practice of monocultures, and the deforestation of land – have caused an explosion in the little fire ant population in regions of Brazil and Colombia which have a prevalence of cocoa farms and sugarcane monocultures.
Its major elements were ideologization of international politics, abandoning the concept of class struggle, priority of universal human interests over the interests of any class, increasing interdependence of the world, mutual security based on political rather than military instruments, which constituted a significant shift from the previous principles of the Soviet foreign politics.
In the novels, Dexter initially considers Rita little more than part of his disguise as a normal human being, and the perfect cover for his secret life as a serial killer.
Androids were designed with reference to artificial organs, how their energy would be generated, and human eye movement.
The different effects produced by moonlight compared to sunlight in human color perception emphasize the colors of certain flowers more than others, bringing out different tones which are not available during daytime or with artificial lights.
This often abundant species occurs in a wide range of open or semi-open habitats, including woodlands and human habitation, and frequently forms large noisy colonies in towns, villages and hotel grounds.
In February 2019, medical scientists, working with Sangamo Therapeutics, announced the first ever "in body" human gene editing therapy to permanently alter DNA - in a patient with Hunter syndrome.
the actual human body, which is again subject to other controls
During this time, she was the co-managing editor for the Journal of Human Evolution (1993-1999).
He formulated the maximum power principle, according to which all organisms, ecosystems and human societies organise themselves in order to maximize their use of available energy for survival.
From Plebe Summer through graduation, the Officer Development Program, a four-year integrated program, focuses on integrity, honor, and mutual respect based on the moral values of respect for human dignity, respect for honesty and respect for the property of others.
 Hate Crime in Ukraine a report by Human Rights First
It had arranged conferences and events in the House of Commons and House of Lords focusing on human rights issues in Jammu and Kashmir and conflict resolution on Kashmir.
Human Diversity: The Biology of Gender, Race, and Class is a 2020 non-fiction book written by the American political scientist Charles Murray.
A mortal woman named Cleito once lived on an isolated island; Poseidon fell in love with the human mortal and created a dwelling sanctuary at the top of a hill near the middle of the island and surrounded the dwelling with rings of water and land to protect her.
In addition to this urgent procedure, it is also constitutionally established that priority is given to bills ratifying human rights treaties (Article 164).
There are still personal songs on the record, but it's more about the human condition rather than what's being inflicted by others".
These facilities play the important role to protect not only the water systems but also the human health, preventing the discharge of pathogens normally present in the municipal sewage.
Lindell testified in favor of Treite at the trial saying that Treite "was the only man who was human, the only man who looked after the sick people as a doctor should look after them."
Youth with vast human capital are able to move to larger aimag centers to continue their studies.
Judge Simon Darwall-Smith described him as an "urban terrorist," though he also said, "I do accept that you did not intend an attack on human life."
He predicted that the American emphasis on individual human right and dignity would lead to a fall that he analogized to the sinking of Atlantis.
These efforts have generally combined already existing maps and information to identify areas of low human impact at a coarse scale, typically no finer than 1:16 million.
Using the CIA technology once used on Klaus in "Finances with Wolves," Stan switches his own mind with the horse's, reasoning that with its body's peak condition he can potentially win the race, over Klaus's suggestion of putting himself in a human body and getting a job doing animal noises.
The risk of the decompression algorithms programmed into dive computers may be assessed in several ways, including tests on human subjects, monitored pilot programs, comparison to dive profiles with known decompression sickness risk, and comparison to risk models.
These are, in reverse order, the first, third, and tied fifth largest known stones every quarried in human history.
Turing OS introduces new multimodal interaction for robots that is closer to human capability that prior technology.
Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit, then, has both practical and epistemological aspects that branch out from a fundamental principle that human beings are learning, rational beings with an infinite potential for problem-solving within the dictates of nature and technology.
The prize recognizes "individuals, groups or institutions in Korea and abroad that have contributed in promoting and advancing human rights, democracy and peace through their work."
According to Jonathan Israel Spinoza was inspired and stimulated in his later years by discussions with von Tschirnhaus about free will, human motivation and the mechanical laws of motion of Descartes.
Organ also praised the story, claiming that the stand-out was "the human tragedy of it all".
If you're digging into the dark side of the human psyche and all the different experiences we go through, and as women we go through, you're going to find those things.
The next day Thalia is found alive, as the fleece was powerful enough to resurrect and return her to human form.
Perhaps the harshest criticism though, is that ecological modernization is predicated upon the notion of 'sustainable growth', and in reality this is not possible because growth entails the consumption of natural and human capital at great costs to ecosystems and societies.
That "Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution" is enshrined in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights of 1948 and supported by the 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees and the 1967 Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees.
While the peak-end rule in human eating behavior may not be as general as in other contexts, studies have discovered some contextual factors that are influenced by the rule.
The commission accused the North Korean government of being involved in systemic, widespread and gross human rights violations.
Human activities such as encroachment of settlements, agriculture, and hunting in rural areas poses a threat to the Natal red rock hare, due to which its population is decreasing.
Cine Foundation International, a "nonprofit film company and human rights NGO aiming to 'empower open consciousness through cinema'" announced on 3 January 2011 that it was launching a campaign of protest films and public actions calling for Panahi's release.
The initial testing on human subjects was conducted on a testing pool of thirty HIV-free individuals.
In 1989, Königsberger was one of the first recipients of the UN Habitat Scroll of Honour, the most prestigious award given by the United Nations in recognition of work carried out in the field of human settlements development.
): International Encyclopedia of Human Geography, Elsevier, Amsterdam a.o., p. 324–325.
Regarding the scene where the tenants of Moe's Tavern and the Church switch locations, he believed it took the "chance to unmask everyone's human fallibility."
The cost in human terms, however, was 53 lives.
The New Day is a symbol of enlightenment, which the human soul can achieve, avoiding the temptations of materialism.
In 1993, the FDA determined that not all over-the-counter topically applied hormone-containing drug products for human use are generally recognized as safe and effective and are misbranded.
The Trusts uses the temple fund to run human welfare organizations and hospitals like Mahavir Cancer Institute & Research Centre, Mahavir Vaatsalya Hospital and Mahavir Arogya Hospital and other several hospitals and orphanage in the agricultural and rural state of Bihar.
Therefore, there is a responsibility of both the state and the private sector to acknowledge their role in upholding and protecting human rights.
She is the author of several books including Human Sexuality: Feelings and Functions (1979).
The human Y chromosome is particularly exposed to high mutation rates due to the environment in which it is housed.
After 72 hours, MRSA can take hold in human tissues and eventually become resistant to treatment.
He finds out from Xargo, the chief smith (captive), that this is due to the plans of the horde's ruler, Rkkith, to invade and destroy one of the treetop cities, Phaolon—a plan put into Rkkith's mind by a treacherous, odd human captive.
The Commission held its final meeting in Geneva on March 27, 2006, and was replaced by the United Nations Human Rights Council in the same year.
However, slowly, Green Snake is starting to envy White Snake and is beginning to yearn for the affections of a human, often using Hsui Xien as an experiment.
Human like figures, animals and geometric shapes begin to appear as well.
 Islam Bibi, (1974–2013), Afghan policewoman and human right activist.
This development, the culminating level of the Jewish mystical tradition, in this way bridges philosophy and mysticism, by expressing the transcendent in human terms.
In the 1995 book The History and Geography of Human Genes the authors wrote that: "The Assyrians are a fairly homogeneous group of people, believed to originate from the land of old Assyria in northern Iraq [..] they are Christians and are bona fide descendants of their ancient namesakes."
A teleology of human aims played a crucial role in the work of economist Ludwig von Mises, especially in the development of his science of praxeology.
In 1961, while hunting marmots at a sandstone outcrop on the Anzick family property, about one mile south of Wilsall, Montana, Bill Roy Bray found a stone biface and small human infant bones that were covered with red ocher.
The year of Hearst's statement, Northwestern University's Chess 4.5 at the Paul Masson American Chess Championship's Class B level became the first to win a human tournament.
Besides, boundary organizations provide critical practical tools for research and public policy linkages; therefore, create the potential to strengthen the capability of using science to enhance human well-being and enable international governments to make decisions on environmental problems.
Strikers participated in nonviolent marches, economic boycotts, picketing, and human blockades which eventually turned violent with four nights of riots.
In human diploid cells, 6 billion DNA base pairs of the genome can be found in the nucleus.
The coastal zones of the incised valleys have exuberant vegetation up to medium altitudes, although centuries of human settlement and intensive cultivation have considerably reduced the number of native plants, giving preponderance to anthropochorous plants.
 Anne Little: Human Sundial (2014) and over forty mosaic signs created with a grant from the Kenneth A. Picerne Foundation
He is a professor of Keio University, president of the Institute for Advanced Biosciences, and the founder and board member of Human Metabolome Technologies, Inc.
Universal natural resources and physical phenomena that lack clear-cut boundaries, such as air, water, and climate, as well as energy, radiation, electric charge, and magnetism, not originating from civilized human actions.
On 3 September 2020, the human biosecurity emergency period in Australia under the Biosecurity Act 2015 (Cth) was extended by the Federal Health Minister until 17 December.
Slit1, Slit2, and Slit3 are all a human homologs of the 'Slit' gene found in Drosophila.
Saraswati, whom he cursed to be born as a human because she laughed at his incorrect recitation of the Vedas.
It is during this thermophilic phase that temperatures inside of a compost pile can reach above 60 °C, killing most human pathogens that may have been introduced.
The Rat (voiced by Brad Garrett) - a toon rat who was really a wannabe human star in disguise to replace Mickey Mouse.
In 2013, she received the Julian L. Simon Memorial Award from the Competitive Enterprise Institute for her work examining factors in history that led to advancement in human achievement and prosperity.
In this genre the monkeys were often dressed in costumes which added comedy to the 'aping' by the monkeys of a specific human action (often vices) or occupation.
The following is a list of the human characters' real names and corresponding nicknames, as well as the horse or horses that usually accompany them.
CLF pledged $6.5 million to the special election in an attempt to keep the seat in control of the GOP after former HHS Secretary Tom Price vacated the seat when he was nominated by President Donald Trump to head the Department of Health and Human Services.
His studies and recognition of the voice as musical instrument carried this ethos to the edge of human vocal ability.
From this human and geographical development, from his own family, beautifully mix-raced, from his itinerary made of teaching and sharing, Harada builds up the arguments of an initiatory route :
The Vision of this plan states "We seek a Pacific region that is respected for the quality of its governance, the sustainable management of its resources, the observation of democratic values and for its defense and promotion of human rights."
For outgoing items, human workers place damaged or unscannable items into amnesty bins for the same reason; robotic pickers for outbound items do the same.
Warcry has become a supporter of Luers and considers his prison sentence to be excessive, along with the Eugene Human Rights Commission, and several others including Howard Zinn.
In addition to basic needs, drinks form part of the culture of human society.
The official mission of CESR is "to work for the recognition and enforcement of economic and social rights as a powerful tool for promoting social justice and human dignity."
They told the Russians that the stench of the burning human flesh permeated the air for many days after."
At the United Nations, Gilmore became assistant secretary-general and deputy executive director (programme) of the United Nations Population Fund in 2012 and in 2015 deputy high commissioner for human rights.
Since the library was moved from Carnegie to the newly built Mills Memorial Library, it has also housed a bookstore, admissions office, faculty offices, and human resources office.
Interdisciplinary Studies on Human Dignity and Care (IADC) and one of the leading experts on safeguarding and prevention of sexual abuse.
Baianai come to the human world during only the spring and stay until autumn.
After the rebellion of the small human colony on Lusitania in Speaker for the Dead to protect the future of the intelligent alien species, Starways Congress sends a fleet to Lusitania to regain control, which will take several decades to reach its destination.
It feasts of human flesh.
The word human can refer to all members of the Homo genus, although in common usage it generally just refers to Homo sapiens, the only extant species.
A recommendation from the UN Human Rights Council to eliminate the sterilization requirement was rejected by the Finnish government in 2017.
However, it is possible to refer a point of law to the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom relating to human rights compatibility issues or relating to devolution issues.
(See Human impact on the environment.)
Phosphopantothenate—cysteine ligase from the bacterium Escherichia coli uses cytidine triphosphate (CTP) as an energy donor, whilst the human isoform uses adenosine triphosphate (ATP).
Green economics focuses on the importance of the health of the biosphere to human well-being.
The ARC shared the campus with the Federal Bureau of Prisons; subjects ("volunteers") for the human experimental research  were drawn from a pool of felons convicted of drug charges.
 (1979) "A computational theory of human stereo vision."
She does her professional career in the field of Human Resources.
 Health Information Technology at US Department of Health & Human Services
The documents were collected and published in two volumes by the Genocide and Resistance Research Centre of Lithuania in 1999 () and by the Lithuanian Human Rights Association in 2006 ().
On 3 November 100 women formed a human chain in Ambari to show support for Sharmila, while other civil society groups staged a 24-hour fast in a show of solidarity.
Lou Ros has been known for his portrait and landscape paintings for many years that take the human face or the figure as a starting point for painterly expression.
Brown argues that both music and human language have origins in a "musilanguage" stage of evolution and that the structural features shared by music and language are not the results of mere chance parallelism, nor are they a function of one system emerging from the other.
The series uses unembalmed human specimens to illustrate anatomical structures.
In doing so it changed Earth's orbit and axial inclination, causing innumerable catastrophes which were identified in early mythologies and religious traditions from human civilizations around the world.
The goal of groundwater remediation in Arkansas is to protect, enhance, and restore, to the extent technically and economically feasible, groundwater conditions to the maximum beneficial use, while maintaining conditions that are protective of human health and the environment (Ellen Carpenter, Arkansas Department of Environmental Quality, oral commun., 2005).
End Credit Video is The Human League's "Don't You Want Me"
The winning team used a computer-vision algorithm to suggest fragment pairings to human assemblers for verification.
Macromarketing may be a fairly recent term, but the ideas and interests that it comprises have existed as long as human history.
This animal model allowed an understanding of what the brain looks like during normal human functioning.
The use of Agent Orange is considered a "notorious example" of the expropriation of human environment for warfare, forcing many rural Vietnamese to move to cities as ecological refugees to survive because their crops and livelihood had been destroyed.
 Das Venensystem des menschlichen Körper ("The venous system of the human body"), 1871.
Iwamoto was later appointed to the Hawaii Council of Human Affairs.
In 2020, Biti criticized a three-member delegation from South African which was sent to investigate human rights abuses when they returned to their country without speaking to opposition groups.
A U.S. agent mentioned that the drug cartels that operate on the Mexico–United States border, and principally across from Texas, are "in control of not only the narcotrafficking, but also the human smuggling."
 Arthur C. Clarke Center for Human Imagination
 Teddy and Me: Confessions of a Service Human, Center Street, 2016, 
In Ikuhara, such criticisms are often accompanied by a more or less latent distrust towards the whole social order, or even human nature itself.
Prostaglandin E play an important role in thermoregulation of the human brain.
"These clashes were the most violent and the closest to the security force headquarters in Damascus since the outbreak of the Syrian revolution," said Rami Abdulrahman, who runs the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
In 2016 the Blue Origin team were awarded the Collier Trophy for demonstrating rocket booster reusability with the New Shepard human spaceflight vehicle.
The song went on to become a huge hit worldwide, the lyric "Are we human, or are we dancer?"
However, a warlock named Kreon resides there, keeping watch over his bride, whom he has kept preserved for over 70 years using an unrevealed method, but it is known that he needs human victims in order to do it.
The Religious in Pakistan work to promote peace and harmony, inter-religious dialogue, human development with programmes of assistance and development and education, as well as pastoral and missionary work.
This time frame roughly corresponds to the human heart rate and to the duration of a single step, syllable or rhythmic gesture.
Militarev has run the Afrasian section of the Evolution of Human Languages (EHL) project at the Santa Fe Institute.
The person may overall feel better, but the physical effects on the human body take weeks or months to notice—and possibly years for full development.
He became the first researcher to accomplish an electrophysiological characterisation of stem cells and was also among the first scientists in Germany obtaining permission to do research on human embryonic stem cells.
Hands went on to publicly state his long-term interest in the human rights situation in Uzbekistan, and his active involvement in Yusupov's case.
For example, Manusamhita initially listed ten virtues necessary for a human being to live a dharmic (moral) life: Dhriti (courage), Kshama (forgiveness), Dama (temperance), Asteya (Non-covetousness/Non-stealing), Saucha (purity), Indriyani-graha (control of senses), dhi (reflective prudence), vidya (wisdom), satyam (truthfulness), akrodha (freedom from anger).
The main topics Charanzová deals with in the European Parliament are consumer protection, the digital economy international trade, and human rights.
The major objectives of both Gandhi and Sree Narayana Guru were the same, the eradication of untouchability, and the acceptance of human equality.
This is further supported by claims of Human Rights Watch, that 10 protesters, who had already agreed to lay down arms, were executed by a government paramilitary group in Bani Walid in May.
He followed many of the ideas of John Ruskin; he believed in the dignity and importance of the human hand and eye in the decorative arts.
Lois Wheeler Snow (July 12, 1920 – April 3, 2018) was an American actress who became known for her criticism of abuse of human rights.
When he meets his parents-in-law, the father-in-law forces him to perform some tasks, and tricks the human with cutting a thousand watermelons in one day.
An early MSIA experiment was done on a venom laced human blood sample for the Antigen myotoxin.
The pH of human feces is variable but usually alkaline.
 Julia Bell (1879–1979), human geneticist
The program includes courses in accounting, finance, economics, human resource management, marketing, business operations, public policy, strategy and general management.
Original attempts to understand and monitor freshwater ecosystems were spurred on by threats to human health (for example cholera outbreaks due to sewage contamination).
For its grassroots efforts, RightRides has been honored with several awards, including a Proclamation from the New York City Mayor's Office announcing December 12, 2005 as "RightRides For Women's Safety Day," presented by New York City Human Rights Commissioner Patricia Gatling.
Because of this, other measures of welfare such as the Human Development Index (HDI), Index of Sustainable Economic Welfare (ISEW), Genuine Progress Indicator (GPI), gross national happiness (GNH), and sustainable national income (SNI) are used.
The most commonly occurring phytosterols in the human diet are β-sitosterol, campesterol and stigmasterol, which account for about 65%, 30% and 3% of diet contents, respectively.
The underwater realm of the submerged sun and moon, where the celestial sun and moon are regenerated every day, thus parallels the realm of Daebyeol-wang where the human soul is revitalized at the end of every life.
It also wishes to ban research on human foetuses and has expressed scepticism of proposals to liberalise biotechnology laws in Norway.
Human evolution continues during the modern era, including among industrialized nations.
MEN 11420 has been demonstrated to be a potent, selective and competitive antagonist of tachykinin NK2 receptors, both in animal and human models.
The characters of Dreyfus, portrayed by Gary Oldman and Carver portrayed by Kirk Acevedo, are considered to be the human counterparts to Koba in the Dawn storyline.
She told The Virginian-Pilot that she was not sure whether she was able to study the topic of human sexuality online due to the Virginia law.
It is still controversial whether this accident was a result of human error or a series of almost daily failures of the building's technology.
In 2011, the Victorian Department of Health and Department of Human Services named a meeting room in honour of Coombs achievements.
In an example from Yaxchilan, the Vision Serpent has the human face of the young maize-god, further suggesting a connection to fertility and vegetational renewal; the Maya Young Maize god was also connected to Venus.
Hazlitt then set about working out a treatise, in painstaking detail, on the "natural disinterestedness of the human mind".
Héctor Abad Gómez (1921 – August 25, 1987) was a Colombian medical doctor, university professor, and human rights leader who founded the Colombian National School of Public Health.
The application of manual vibration to the human body therapeutically has been known for centuries.
The Human Rights Committee stated that they themselves can decide what the consequence will be of an inadmissible reservation.
At the end of the war, all of the human remains of the prisoners of war, who were found during investigation at the site, were transferred to a military cemetery in Labuan.
As a member of Parliament during her first term (2012-2014), she was responsible for Justice, Transparency and Human Rights Affairs for the Major Opposition (SYRIZA) and played a prominent role in the unveiling and investigation of several large-scale corruption cases (Siemens case, Lagarde-list case, armaments- submarines case etc.).
For instance, for genotype 1 hepatitis C treated with Pegylated interferon-alpha-2a or Pegylated interferon-alpha-2b (brand names Pegasys or PEG-Intron) combined with ribavirin, it has been shown that genetic polymorphisms near the human IL28B gene, encoding interferon lambda 3, are associated with significant differences in the treatment-induced clearance of the virus.
The names of the twenty-seven letters are not only phonetic names, but also based on parts of the human body.
Serological profile of Torque teno sus virus species 1 (TTSuV1) in pigs and antigenic relationships between two TTSuV1 genotypes (1a and 1b), between two species (TTSuV1 and 2), and between porcine and human anelloviruses.
Although in the first season her human side is not focused on, it is focused on in the second season.
Here, we examined the role of sleep in the object-place recognition task, a task closely comparable to tasks typically applied for testing human declarative memory: It is a one-trial task, hippocampus-dependent, not stressful and can be repeated within the same animal.
Several substances, such as sulfur, asphalt and animal excrement, were associated with the practice of human purification.
After his release, Bo Yang continued to campaign for human rights and democracy in Taiwan.
The Canadian Museum for Human Rights, Winnipeg, Manitoba
Her writing is known for its wit, eye for detail and human shortcomings, broad interests and ability to cross genres including fiction, biography, self-help, essay, journalism and children's mysteries.
He could do many things which human Hiroshi couldn't do.
Erikson considered that 'if vigor of mind combines with the gift of responsible renunciation, some old people can envisage human problems in their entirety...a living example of the "closure" of a style of life'.
Caturaí had a score of 0.728 on the Municipal Human Development Index, ranking it 152 (out of 242 municipalities) in the state and 2,471 (out of 5,507 municipalities) in the country.
One rarely sees such perfect co-ordination and control of the human body.
The Embassy of Saudi Arabia in Washington, D.C. described the NSHR as the "first independent human rights organization in Saudi Arabia".
They displayed human heads as trophies hanging from reeds in the plaza.
While S. aureus usually acts as a commensal bacterium, asymptomatically colonizing about 30% of the human population, it can sometimes cause disease.
Through these experiences, the two musicians developed a fascination for Eastern philosophical concepts, particularly regarding the illusory nature of human existence.
Established in 1928, the journal publishes experimental research on human, animal, cellular and molecular nutrition; biographies and assessments on nutritional researchers; and commentaries on controversial issues in the field.
 Stanislav Markelov (1974–2009), Russian human rights lawyer shot dead when leaving news conference in Moscow
"Affordability" of healthcare can be the insurmountable hurdle for some human beings.
Between the years of 2012 and 2024, Ghana is reportedly seeking USD5-10 billion in finance and funding support to develop the centre's infrastructure and human capacity.
It is one of the most progressive universities in South Korea with an academic mission dedicated to the promotion of human rights, democracy, and peace on the Korean peninsula.
The state, as the authority responsible for ensuring the protection of human rights and the administration of justice within their borders, is correspondingly also responsible for providing redress for abuses and injustices suffered by their citizens.
 Human Rights Watch: Ansar al-Islam in Iraqi Kurdistan
Widmaier, Eric P., Hershel Raff, Kevin T. Strang, and Arthur J. Vander (2008) Vander's Human Physiology: the Mechanisms of Body Function.'
It was thought to infect the human eye, with most cases reported from the southeastern United States.
They also met their first priests, with their white tunics and their long hair impregnated with human blood; this was the end of the Indians' friendly conduct: they convoked a great number of warriors and ordered them to burn some dry reeds, indicating to the Spaniards that if they weren't gone before the fire went out, they would be attacked.
 Literature and human sciences : Pierre Bourdieu, Henri Gouhier, Étienne Gilson, Victor Henry, Pierre Macherey, Vladimir Jankélévitch.
A former believer in the miasma theory of disease, Whitehead worked to disprove false theories, but eventually came to prefer John Snow's idea that cholera spreads through water contaminated by human waste.
Punk News called the album "an extensive look inside the human psyche, all set to a gorgeous soundtrack."
During aging the human brain shows a progressive increase in levels of dolichol, a reduction in levels of ubiquinone, but relatively unchanged concentrations of cholesterol and dolichyl phosphate.
The assumption of statistical independence is sometimes referred to as the free choice or free will assumption, since its negation implies that human experimentalists are not free to choose which measurement to perform.
Charles was one of the first world leaders to express strong concerns about the human rights record of Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceaușescu, initiating objections in the international arena, and subsequently supported the FARA Foundation, a charity for Romanian orphans and abandoned children.
This was followed by the application of an emergency interim measure by the European Court of Human Rights, ordering the Russian government to halt the abolition of the two organisations.
It later became apparent that van Maanen's observations were incorrect—one cannot actually see the Pinwheel Galaxy rotate during a human lifespan.
Since Eritrea's conflict with Ethiopia in 1998–2001, the nation's human rights record has come under criticism at the United Nations.
 Maxie Alphonso Hayles — Human Rights Campaigner.
In January 2008, Dr. Andrew French and Samuel Wood of the biotechnology company Stemagen announced that they successfully created the first five mature human embryos using SCNT.
Maya Foa, director of Reprieve, writing in The Guardian, stated that Begum was a victim of human trafficking and had been "reduced to a caricature".
In parallel, Velculescu was an early developer of methods for high-throughput sequencing of human cancer, which his group used to identify the PIK3CA gene as one of the most highly mutated cancer genes.
He was the Vice-Chair of the Budget and Finance Committee and held seats on the Personnel, Public Information, Human Relations and Housing Committee, the Traffic and Parking Committee and the Greenways Committee.
The content of Article 25 that defines right for equality; Article 32 that defines right for personal immunity and Article 71 that ensures the rights and liberties of a human being and citizen were enhanced with several new provisions;
A pedestrian traffic light with the shape of a human Astro Boy is installed.
I have had my first visit to a native village where goats, sheep and human beings occupy the same hut.
 Master of Science (MSc) in Human Anatomy - MUSBM
This file is meaningless without additional information, typically put in a free format human readable tool file.
"Intestinal Pathology in Human Metagonimiasis with Ultrastructural Observation of Parasites."
Some psychics develop differently, such as psi-stalkers; human mutants that feed on psychic energy.
Publius quoted Scottish Enlightenment philosopher, David Hume, the excerpt saying:  "to balance a large state or society (says he) whether monarchical or republican, on general laws, is a work of so great difficulty, that no human genius, however comprehensive, is able by the mere dint of reason and reflection, to effect it.
Awarded All India Human Rights Association Manav Shri Puraskar award in the field of Journalism & Social Welfare, 1997–98.
Such "chimeric" hybrids could give valuable insights into the development of human embryos.
In 1988 James S. Coleman wrote an article in the American Journal of Sociology titled Social Capital in the Creation of Human Capital, the article challenged the dominance of the concept of 'self-interest' in economics and introduced the concept of social capital into the measurement of value.
Excessive consumption of cabbage may lead to increased intestinal gas which causes bloating and flatulence due to the trisaccharide raffinose, which the human small intestine cannot digest, but is digested by bacteria in the large intestine.
A number of human skeletons were found in the pits that once served as food storage pits.
A note was found by her body, warning the members of the human rights law centre where she had recently worked that the same thing could happen to them.
When all of the gems are found, the Furry 5 can make a wish to become human again.
The group held street rallies between 2015 and 2017, and often faced counter-protests from trade unions, human rights and anti-racism activists.
He has contributed music to several films, including La confiance règne, Human Traffic, Dogme 95, director Kristian Levring's The Intended, Agathe Cléry, Le Défi (Dance Challenge), A Number, as well as UK television, theatrical and concert dance productions.
Reid has said: "I do sometimes use a grid, and other formal constructs, but there’s always the human hand involved.
Although raise was formerly condemned in this sense, it may now be considered standard, at least with regard to animals, and is common at least informally with regard to human children.
The US critics, including Iran, Syria, Venezuela, Russia and China, raised concerns on the United States human rights records that followed up on an August report about past rights records of the US.
According to Webber, Girl with a Pearl Earring is "more than just a quaint little film about art" but is concerned with themes of money, sex, repression, obsession, power, and the human heart.
The earliest known human remain discovered in modern-day Wales is a Neanderthal jawbone, found at the Bontnewydd Palaeolithic site in the valley of the River Elwy in North Wales, whose owner lived about 230,000 years ago in the Lower Palaeolithic period.
Warren is well known for his work in the field of Human Genetics.
Odius' former human soldiers escape with Victor and Monty's help, leading to the destruction of the Warrior Dome and demise of Cosmo Royale and Badonna.
A Different Kind of Human (Step 2) followed on 7 June 2019, with lead singles "Animal" and "The River".
In 1921 miners discovered the remains of three human skeletons dated to the Neolithic period in a nearby cave close to the surface.
Eugenicists were concerned with managing the direction human evolution would take: natural selection, about which Galton's cousin Charles Darwin wrote, was insufficient to deal with the needs of modern society.
Gladys Lanza (1942 – 17 September 2016, Tegucigalpa) was a feminist and human rights activist from Honduras.
The average density of human blood is 1060 kg/m3.
Using denial of service attacks, defacement, and other methods, it mainly targets political groups and Albanian websites, including news organizations and human rights groups.
Discussing the film's themes, Li emphasizes the universal, human elements:
March 5 – NASA announces that the Clementine probe orbiting the Moon has found enough water in polar craters to support a human colony and rocket fueling station.
Hovlinc is only a fourth known case of a ribozyme in human.
Established initially in 1980 as the Prisoners Aid Society, Commission Against Terrorism and the Bureau of Missing and Kidnapped Children by Ansar Burney in the Pakistani port city of Karachi, the Ansar Burney Trust International (as it is now known) was the first Pakistani organization to fight for the concept of human rights in Pakistan.
It legalized the participating members to ignore the restriction from the patent of the proprietary medicine when they are controlling a significant public health crisis, namely human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), malaria and tuberculosis.
She is able to read most human minds, and after meeting the vampire Bill Compton, learns that she can not “hear” Bill's thoughts.
The core of his analysis is that human minds are the outcome of a successful series of interactions between infant and caregiver(s).
Bioinformatic predictions suggest that the human EGFR mRNA 3'-untranslated region contains three microRNA-7 (miR-7) target sites, which are not conserved across mammals.
The human eye with normal vision has three kinds of cone cells that sense light, having peaks of spectral sensitivity in short ("S",  – ), middle ("M",  – ), and long ("L",  – ) wavelengths.
By contrast, some philosophers have argued that all human languages are conventional or artificial.
Endsley was the first human factors engineer and the first female to serve as Chief Scientist.
He is a professor in the Department of Cell Biology and Human Anatomy, the Genome Center, and the Comprehensive Cancer Center at the University of California, Davis School of Medicine.
This indicator would then be used for the purpose of monitoring nano-devices in the human body.
Unfortunately, he was not able to save himself, dying to save his human peers.
The parietal-temporal-occipital (PTO) association area is located in the cerebral cortex which is bounded by the anterior somatic association area and posterior visual cortex of the human brain.
The award recipients receive the Letelier-Moffitt Human Rights Award.
In the development of the human embryo the intraembryonic coelom (or somatic coelom) is a portion of the conceptus forming in the mesoderm during the third week of development.
On "F Troop" he revisits the Charcoal Lane neighborhood of his youth and recalls the bittersweet moment he met his brother for the first time and on the album's most poignant track, "Louis St. John" he joins with his wife, singer Ruby Hunter, in a mournful affirmation of the persistence of the human spirit.
However, an analysis of the bell's frequency spectrum reveals that the fundamental only exists weakly and its dominance is a human perception of a note built up by the complex series of harmonics that are generated.
Reema's work with Zahra also includes organizing the world's largest human pink ribbon in 2010.
This is supported biblically, in that God's love for each human being is unique to that person.
While attending graduate school at the New School for Social Research, where he majored in human resource management, he continued developing his talents and made a living twisting balloons at bar mitzvahs, elementary schools, and corporate parties.
Computer concludes human decision is required.
The Nigerian ambassador to the UNHRC, Martin Ihoeghian Uhomoibhi, said that he Council should not dilute its efforts by vilifying the Fact-Finding Mission members and parts of the report – no useful purpose would be served by compounding the human rights situation in the region through sheer rhetoric or failure to act.
France had the ninth highest level of expected human capital with 25 health, education, and learning-adjusted expected years lived between age 20 and 64 years.
On 7 March 2003, the Human Rights Chamber for Bosnia and Herzegovina issued a decision which ordered the Republika Srpska, among other things, to conduct a full investigation into the Srebrenica July 1995 events, and disclose the results at the latest on 7 September 2003.
(2018), who evaluate whether fossil specimens with morphology intermediate between two taxa could potentially be hybrids, and estimate the overall hybridization potential in mammal evolution, including human ancestry.
In his role as Human Rights Commissioner, he undertook three annual inspections of Australia’s Immigration Detention facilities.
A policeman points to Theodor/Ludwig to step forward, but Anton steps forward instead to be discovered to be human, at which point the attentive police officer recognizes Geiermeier as the escaped lunatic, so Geiermeier runs away.
When aldrin enters the human body or the environment it is rapidly converted to dieldrin.
Montastruc decorated stone, an approximately 13,000 year old scratched or engraved human figure on a piece of limestone – which appears to be female –used as a lamp.
The Electric Warrior forces an alliance between the , Zigs, Genidiots, and Elites to fight the invasion, but when the "aliens" come, they are revealed to be very human – the Electric Warrior's planet had been an experiment set up to determine how civilizations develop.
In this recent convention, contra Arambourg, the term "hominin" is applied to Homo, Australopithecus, Ardipithecus, and others that arose after the split from the line that led to chimpanzees (see cladogram below); that is, they distinguish fossil members on the human side of the split, as "hominins", from those on the chimpanzee side, as "not hominins" (or "non-hominin hominids").
Parker was rewarded with an Honorary Black Man of the Year Award in 1970, the Martin Luther King-John F. Kennedy Award from the Mississippi Council on Human Relations in 1974 and the Jackson Branch NAACP Freedom Award in 1975.
The presence of a co-receptor, CXCR4, is sufficient for this mutant strain to infect human cells.
Due to the nature of Komamura's Human Transformation Technique, the giant and Komamura become virtually immune to physical damage.
 Griffin and Astronaut Owen K. Garriott were team co-leaders for a study commissioned by  Planetary Society entitled "Extending Human Presence Into the Solar System" in 2004.
However, other scholars, most notably anthropologist William Arens in his controversial book, The Man-Eating Myth, have challenged the evidence, suggesting the human bones found at sites point to funerary practices, asserting that if cannibalism was practiced among the Iroquois, it was not widespread.
In Britain, the Human Genetics Commission recommends a strategy comparable with previous strategies in dealing with increased maternal age, notably as this age relates to an increased risk of Down syndrome.
 Dynamic systems as tools for analysing human judgement
The WWF claims that the human footprint has exceeded the biocapacity (the available supply of natural resources) of the planet by 20%.
Per this stance, he vetoed a Massachusetts bill to fund stem-cell research because the legislation allowed such cloning of human embryos.
From 2009 to 2013, Ahmadi was spokeswoman for a German-Iranian student group campaigning for democracy and human rights in Iran.
She is a psychologist who has worked in the social field, fighting for human rights and gender equality.
The use of recombinant human Platelet-Derived Growth Factor for maxillary sinus augmentation.
His approach to the depiction of the human body was much like that of the study of architecture, providing multiple views and three-dimensional perspectives of what he witnessed in person.
Sunila Abeysekera was a human rights activist who passed away aged 61.
The Red Deer Cave people are a prehistoric archaic human population.
Poema feels and is thought by the human body.
The human KDM2B gene encodes the protein lysine (K)-specific demethylase 2B.
In an address at Glasgow in 1888 he urged the study of comparative medicine, proposing that information gained by observing the physiology and diseases of animals could often be applied to human medicine.
Jones has been described by Deborah Orr as a "very gifted writer and apparently very flaky human being".
Beautiful and capable, she's not the damsel in distress as she is very good at using manipulation to get out of traps and get what she wants (It's revealed later in the series that she is an expert on human behavior).
The advantages of this model are that it offers multilineage development of hematopoietic cells, generation of a naïve immune system, and if engraftment is carried out by intrahepatic injection of newborn mice within 72 hours of birth, it can lead to enhanced human cell reconstitution.
Previous Human League (Mk1) releases had been promoted with footage of the band onstage, interspersed with Philip Adrian Wright's slides and visuals.
In addition, the Chinese did not have the incentives to acquire human capital necessary for modern scientific experimentation.
Non-power applications of nuclear technologies require a stable or even growing base of nuclear knowledge and trained human resources, be it for cancer treatment or for food and agriculture.
Russian human rights activist Valery Abramkin says it should be clear for a Russian patient that each medic legally and illegally snatches his large sum from each bed.
Arihant (Jainism), also called jina, a term used for human beings who have attained omniscience
The project used a total of  of wire and it took an estimated 10,000 hours of computer work and 1 million hours of human work to complete.
The phrase "Earth Changes" was coined  by the American psychic Edgar Cayce (1877–1945) to refer to the belief that the world would soon enter on a series of cataclysmic events causing major alterations in human life on the planet.
In less severe accidents, it might result only in damage to the hull; however, in most serious accidents, it might lead to hull breaches, cargo spills, total loss of the vessel, and, in the worst cases, human casualties.
In Homeric Hymn 14 she is "the Mother of all gods and all human beings."
In 1972, the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment was held in Stockholm, and for the first time united the representatives of multiple governments in discussion relating to the state of the global environment.
Humberto Bruni's knowledge of digital electronics and his proficiency in computer programming, have led him design and develop many inventions to achieve the fingers independence in both hands of the human being.
Haplogroup L2 is a human mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) haplogroup with a widespread modern distribution, particularly in Subequatorial Africa.
This change has also occurred in image processing, EEG, EMG, ECG analyses, brain rhythms, DNA analysis, protein analysis, climatology, human sexual response analysis, general signal processing, speech recognition, acoustics, vibration signals, computer graphics, multifractal analysis, and sparse coding.
The largest dam in Sistan and Baluchistan province has been built south of Pishin to provide water for agriculture and human consumption in Pishin and Bahu districts.
 Damon Herriman as Jonathan Hendrick/Henry Reed, a climate refugee hiding in human resources
... [It is] so devoid of benches, greenery, and other signposts of human hospitality that even on the loveliest fall weekend, when the Common and Esplanade and other public spaces teem with Bostonians at leisure, the plaza stands utterly empty save for the occasional skateboarder…"  The plaza is often colloquially referred to as "the brick desert."
Howard Hendrick, Class of 1977, is a former Oklahoma Senator (1987-1998), and Oklahoma Secretary of Human Services (2003-2011).
One critic noted that White Out and Clune's academic book Writing Against Time deal in similar ways with the human desire to experience the world as if for the first time.
Taken together, stimulation of TLR3 causes great changes in chromatin remodeling and nuclear reprogramming, and activation of inflammatory pathways is required for these changes, induction of pluripotency genes and generation of human induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSC) colonies.
He is "found" by traveling Frenchman Paul d'Arnot, who teaches him the basics of human speech and returns with him to civilization.
Imam Haddad Excellence Award 2015 for outstanding work in the fields of education, public service, human rights struggle and Islamic movement for the upliftment of the Muslim minority in India.
Most of this DNA is no longer functional, but some of these friendly viruses have brought with them novel genes that are important in human development.
Despite the lack of earlier human presence in the hills themselves, there is much evidence of historic settlement in the surrounding glens, with prehistoric hut circles found in Glenbrittle, and a stone circle identified in Glen Sligachan.
The Castellers de Sarrià was a human towers team from Sarrià district in Barcelona that was created in 1998 and made their official debut in 2000.
The Bhagalpur blinding case had made criminal jurisprudence history by becoming the first in which the Indian Supreme Court ordered compensation for violation of basic human rights.
Management: A worker representative sits with management in the capacity of Director for Human Resources.
Human diets have changed considerably over the 10,000 years since the advent of agriculture, with more processed foods in their diets that lack nutritional value and lead them to consume more sodium, sugar, and fat.
Full-grown larvae reach a length of about 15 mm, and their hairs can lead to intense itching after contact with human skin.
 Human Events op-eds archive
 Echoes from Beyond the Banihal-Kashmir : Human Rights and Armed Forces by Sujata Kanungo
Water may require purification for human consumption.
KH domain was the first identified in the human.
But that anti-LGBT sentiment is characteristic also of other organizations, like Homeland Front "Obraz", which according to Nebojša M. Krstić, president of movement "verbally fights against abuses of human rights committed for the sake of legalization of sexually deviant homosexuals and lesbians and numerous sects in our country" Members of the organization chanted "Death to faggots" ().
Financial Times wrote that the instruments and natural sounds "create a sense of huge elemental drama with heroic human actors" and described the songs as "stirring, solemn affairs, driven forward by hammered drums and chanted choral vocals".
She reincarnated as a vampire born to human parents due to a mutation.
The inventor wants to bring Coppélia to life but, to do that, he needs a human sacrifice.
Human cases of plague have been recorded in Mongolia since 1897.
Historically these forests ranged from the southeastern Pacific coast of Russia, North Korea, and into northern China, however large amounts of human development (in China especially) has limited the forest to its current range in the Russian Far East.
With illuminating range, he has applied Martin Buber’s philosophy of dialogue to the human sciences.
The Grotte du Lazaret (English: Cave of Le Lazaret) is an archaeological cave site of prehistoric human occupation study, situated in the eastern suburbs of the French town of Nice, overlooking the Mediterranean Sea.
Observed and Projected Impacts of Climate Change on Marine Fisheries, Aquaculture, Coastal Tourism, and Human Health: An Update.
Stern); his principle of uniformity applies to human beings.
However, Human protein atlas also showed there was very minimal expression in the fetus.
The evolutionary history of the human brain shows primarily a gradually bigger brain relative to body size during the evolutionary path from early primates to hominins and finally to Homo sapiens.
Human females exhibit concealed ovulation, also known as hidden estrus, meaning it is almost impossible to tell when the female is fertile, so frequent matings would be necessary to ensure paternity.
 Human Waste (Directed by: Mark Zero)
In a contemporary review for The Village Voice, Robert Christgau said Opening the Caravan of Dreams "lacks the studio-engendered beginning-middle-end that focuses Of Human Feelings and for that matter Metheny/Coleman's Song X.
Having worked in Sudan as ambassador of Germany during the time of the attack, he wrote that there was no evidence that the factory had produced precursors to chemical weapons and that Ghazi Sulayman, an internationally respected Sudanese human rights advocate, was a credible witness to this.
Molinists such as Craig appeal to this idea to reconcile the perceived conflict between God's providence and foreknowledge with human free will.
The Human Rights Foundation criticized the firm after a 2021 report by The Globe and Mail revealed the company operates a solar farm in Xinjiang, China nearby a Uyghur internment camp.
Critics felt the subtitle of the book, The Secret of Human Thought Revealed, overpromises.
The Madonna and Child (Kaiser Friedrich Museum, Berlin) concentrates on human figures before a dark, neutral background featuring a garland of fruit.
 The Glory and Misery of Human Life, Matti Kassila.
Hugh Dalton is a human and Leila and Gretchen's father.
The film opens in August 2002, when the activist Simon Petrov is reading the declaration from the Inter-American Court of Human Rights that ordered the Venezuelan government to compensate the families of those murdered in the riot that changed the nation, el Caracazo of 27 February 1989.
Lau led The Frontier to put pressure on the government for an early democratisation of Hong Kong and was an outspoken critic of a number of LedCo motions, especially on the topic of human rights; she was also sceptical of the reliability of the "One country, two systems" principle.
The D.C. Board of Elections and Ethics had blocked the referendum because it is illegal to put on the ballot a referendum on any issue covered by the Human Rights Act.
Another study shows an increased risk of graft-versus-host disease complications after transplantation due to genetic variants in human leukocyte antigen (HLA) and non-HLA proteins.
Amos only says that they were "his" words, in order immediately to add, that they came to him from God, that he himself was but the human organ through which God spake.
Shakespeare: The Invention of the Human (New York: New York Publishing Company, 1998)
That the Annual Reminder, in order to be more relevant, reach a greater number of people, and encompass the ideas and ideals of the larger struggle in which we are engaged-that of our fundamental human rights-be moved both in time and location.
Though most of the underground army of the Locust Horde was destroyed, the explosion also caused much of the liquid Imulsion underground to vaporize, causing a fatal disease called Rustlung to spread among the diminished human population.
Lasantha Manilal Wickrematunge (5 April 1958 – 8 January 2009) was a Sri Lankan journalist, politician and human rights activist who was assassinated in January 2009.
The curriculum includes instruction in officer survival, investigations, patrolling, legal, administrative, tactical, human understanding, traffic (motor vehicle laws), and carrier enforcement.
He sees no role for intelligence in human achievement.
Halonen received votes from women across party lines, and she was partly helped by her lack of a major left-wing opponent, and by her reputation as a tolerant, human rights-oriented person.
It is an adaptable and very abundant species that is not threatened, although draining of its breeding sites for human settlement and mosquito control is a threat.
at the Grand Comics Database.</ref> and Incredible Hulk & the Human Torch: From the Marvel Vault #1, a previously unpublished story from 1984, originally intended for Marvel Team-Up by plotter Jack C. Harris, scriptwriter and artist Kesel, and breakdown artist Steve Ditko.
Luang Pu Sodh usually explained the process of attainment in the method in terms of inner bodies (), existing within every human being.
"Nevertheless I love it because its theme is forgiveness, the grace that seems to me divine above all others, and the most desperate need of all us tormented and tormenting human beings, and also because I seemed to give to it all I have to give; very little, heaven knows.
Clarke explores how the language of international justice is created through the embodiment of values of human rights in rule of law movements.
There is quite some digital signal processing required for implementation of the dynamic contrast control technique in a way that is pleasing to the human visual system (e.g.
Preliminary studies have shown that the wasp's EAB detection skills far surpass any comparable human technology.
He served as an Ambassador to Yugoslavia (then Serbia and Montenegro) from 2000 until 2003, as an Ambassador for Human Rights from 2003 until 2004, and as an Ambassador for Bioethics from 2005 until 2008.
 Ensuring of protection of the human rights and freedom
She also participated in the development of several other international human rights standards, including the two Optional Protocols: one on the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the Involvement of Children in Armed Conflict, and the one on Sale of Children, Child Pornography and Child Prostitution.
He ultimately decides to leave his human companions to live with the blimp permanently.
Goodhead is a scientist and astronaut working undercover for the Central Intelligence Agency on Sir Hugo Drax's Moonraker 5 space shuttle, to gather intelligence on Drax's plan to exterminate the human race.
Overexpression of c-jun in 3T3-L1 cells (a preadipocytic non-tumoral cell line that resembles human liposarcoma) can block or delay adipocytic differentiation of those cells.
Jackson began her career as a human rights attorney at the Habeas Corpus Resource Center in San Francisco, California, where she represented California death row inmates in their appeals.
 The Real, The Symbolic, and The Imaginary, a theory in Lacanian psychoanalysis concerning human perception of reality
King Aracha I may be a Human.
The Leitner Center for International Law and Justice works with students and with social justice organizations both locally and internationally to advocate for human rights.
Gender inequality is a major barrier for human development worldwide as gender is a determinant for the basis of discrimination in various spheres such as health, education, political representation, and labor markets.
At the National and International level, her leadership roles include a seat on the Scientific Advisory Board of the Fanconi Anemia Research Fund, the American Society of Human Genetics Board of Directors and Program Committees, the American Genetic Association Council, the Faculty of 1000, and many others.
Since 1951, Driver devoted much effort toward peace and human rights in Southeast Asia, Latin America and the Middle East.
The first section deals with language in general – things that apply to all languages: the particularities of human language in contrast with animal communication, double articulation and the vocal apparatus.,
Drawing on recent work on the nature of evil, the book makes the case that the same dark impulses that lead to genocide may underlie the bullying that plagues the center's office – and be present in all human beings.
In November, Lujan Grisham was named a candidate for United States Secretary of Health and Human Services in the Biden Administration.
One early discovery was presence of activated Ras oncogenes in human cancers in 1982, marking the identification of the very first cancer genes.
The superintendent is appointed by the director of the Department of Human Services (DHS) with the joint approval of the DSAMH director.
Physical disruptions that have contributed to the fish species migrating to Brown Lake are associated with human activity.
Even during the lifetime of Louis XIV and his gardens of Versailles, the formal, symmetrical  was criticized by writers La Fontaine, Madame de Sévigné, Fénelon and Saint-Simon for imposing tyranny over nature; demonstrating human mastery over nature was indeed part of its intention.
At BotCon 2010, Hasbro named Cullen as one of the first four human inductees in the Transformers Hall of Fame for his role as the voice of Optimus Prime.
He then proclaimed a state of emergency in Algeria, while left-wing parties, the trade union CGT and the  NGO Ligue des droits de l'homme (LDH, Human Rights League) called to demonstrate against the military's coup d'état.
Between both philosophies, the issue at hand is the fundamental source of human knowledge and the proper techniques for verifying what we think we know.
In human anatomy, the shoulder joint comprises the part of the body where the humerus attaches to the scapula, and the head sits in the glenoid cavity.
He has been accused of creating dangerous situations by habituating the bears to human contact.
He was born in Carlisle, Cumberland and played Minor Counties cricket for Cumberland County Cricket Club between 1984 and 1989, initially whilst studying human biology at Loughborough University.
Her work has been hugely influential, with Rosemarie Tong and Nancy Williams suggesting in the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy that "If ethics is about human beings' liberation, then Alison Jaggar's summary of the fourfold function of feminist ethics cannot be improved upon in any significant way" and Jaggar's texts being considered classics.
There is some link between the blood of human sacrifice and the intake of cocoa, and samples found in Mayan tombs strongly imply that the drink was common in the noble classes.
Ever since spaceflight has been widely employed for placing satellites into orbit around Earth for a broad range of purposes, for sending uncrewed spacecraft exploring space beyond the Moon and having continuous crewed human presence in space with a series of space stations, from the salyut program to the International Space Station.
At that council, the debate over Christ's human and divine natures turned on whether Mary could legitimately be called the "Mother of God" or only "Mother of Christ".
He led reforms on human rights, education, municipal government and health care and also created Industrial Estates Limited, a crown corporation that attracted investment from prominent companies such as Michelin.
The management faces ever increasing challenges from a rapidly increasing human population in the country.
It was reported that Besley had arrived in New York from his second expedition in South America, bringing a number of scientific treasures, including the skull of a human being "who must have been eight feet in height".
To compensate for these deficiencies, the KPA has deployed a wide range of asymmetric warfare technologies including anti-personnel blinding lasers, GPS jammers, midget submarines and human torpedoes, stealth paint, and cyberwarfare units.
There were no paralogs identified for human FAM120AOS.
Crew resource management (CRM): Training developed by NASA based on the concept that the primary cause of the majority of aviation accidents is human error and problems with interpersonal communication in particular.
Among other known cases, KSA is believed to have used NSO software to target London-based Saudi dissident Yahya Assiri, a former Royal Saudi Air Force officer and founder the human rights organisation ALQST and an Amnesty International researcher.
Different from the chicken β-globin locus, the human β-globin locus has an open chromatin structure and is not flanked by a 5' heterochromatic region.
In June 2018, Diya W.F.C., in collaboration with Right To Play and Women Win, at the invitation of Thar Foundation, organized a football discovery session (including a four month preparation, training of coaches and matches) and provided equipment for U-13 girls in the remote district of Tharparkar, which has the lowest Human Development Index of Pakistan.
These mycorrhizae are indirectly and directly exposed to the same effects that human activity stresses upon their respective plants; the most common fungi being arbuscular mycorrhizae – specifically, the pollutants of the Earth's atmosphere.
Cyril argued that Nestorianism split Jesus in half and denied that he was both human and divine.
In Shōwa7 (1931), a sea-eroded cave and a large number of human bones were discovered near the shrine grounds, and the Awa Shrine side temporarily entrusted them to the Imbe clan and enshrined them as the Imbe Mound.
I suppose I am continuing a long tradition in sculpture of the human form that began in Ancient Greece and reached a pinnacle during the Italian Renaissance.”
Catalão got a score of 0.818 on the UN Human Development Index, ranking it 3 out of 242 municipalities in the state.
Kovel highlightd the fact that Marx mentioned the idea when he stated that human beings are no more than the planet's "usufructaries, and, like boni patres familias, they must hand it down to succeeding generations in an improved condition".
His background was in education and human resources.
Human fatalities have been the case due to accidents during spaceflight, particularly at launch and reentry.
According to the US Department of Health and Human Services, an individual who makes $12,760 a year is considered below the poverty line.
In the series, Victor Frankenstein makes a second and third creature, each more indistinguishable from normal human beings.
When human and mouse cells (or cells of any two mammalian species or of the same species) are mixed, spontaneous cell fusion occurs at a very low rate (10-6).
He is extremely imposing in both height and relative size throughout the Preacher series; generally remains above that of average human height; is distinctly broad-shouldered, generally towering over his fellow characters, including Jesse Custer.
The series' premise is that Sabrina, a "half-witch" – her mother is an ordinary human, or "mortal" as witches refer to them, while her father is a warlock – lives with her two aunts, Hilda and Zelda Spellman, both witches themselves, in the fictional town of Greendale, which is located somewhere near Riverdale, the home of Archie Andrews.
At the time of his death, he was credited with "single-handedly observing more of the solar system than any other human," by Torrence Johnson, Jet Propulsion Laboratory project scientist of Project Galileo.
Often the mechanism was to use animal heads on recognisable human bodies or vice versa, as Grandville had done in the Parisian satirical journal Charivari.
On waking the dreamer laments the changeableness of human affairs.
During January 2010, investigations on the Isle of Dogs with the Thames and Field Metal Detecting Society discovered the remains of a human skeleton, dating to the early 18th century.
According to Wolniewicz, religion is one of the constants of human nature.
His late mother was Hajjah Mehrun Siraj, who has served as a professor, lawyer, consultant for United Nations agencies, NGO activists and a Commissioner with the Human Rights Commission of Malaysia.
The Arslan Tash reliefs are bas-reliefs of human figures and animals which adorned the city gates and temple portals of ancient Hadatu; the modern archeological site of Arslan Tash, literally "the Stone Lion".
Philip E. Hoffman (October 2, 1908 – June 6, 1993) was a lawyer, former national president of the American Jewish Committee (1969 to 1973; he was also chairman of its board of governors from 1963 to 1967) and an American Ambassador to the United Nations Human Rights Council from 1972 to 1975.
Water fit for human consumption is called drinking water or potable water.
 Clam (one-eyed human figure) - FC Barcelona (former, mascot of the Centenary in 1999-00 season) 
There is evidence of human life in Hertfordshire from the Mesolithic period.
He goes on to explain how, throughout human history, the main reason to make something, i.e.
In a white-paper released in April 2018, the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare and Ministry of Human Resource & Development, Government of India released sexual education guidelines in schools.
He consoled the audience for the fear of snakes entering into human places.
Variety wrote that the soldiers were "played with a human quality that makes them very real.
Many criticisms levelled against the focus on human dignity point to inconsistencies in the Supreme Court's own definition of the term.
Organizational Behavior & Human Decision Processes, 47, 98-123.
Diplock's Hastings Guidebook of 1845 stated "[i]t is the singularity of [its] situation, more than anything in the building itself, that generally attracts visitors ... it looks as if having been forsaken by all human visitants, a thicket had grown up and enclosed it like the Castle of the Sleeping Beauty in the old fairy tale".
. . a liberal, human, European culture which has finally disappeared'.
At U-M he was affiliated with the Ford School of Public Policy, the Science, Technology, and Public Policy Program, the Michigan Institute for Data Science, U-M Transportation Research Institute's (UMTRI) Human Factor's group, and the Department of Industrial and Operations Engineering (IOE) in the College of Engineering.
Photoreceptors contain within them a special chemical called a photopigment, which is embedded in the membrane of the lamellae; a single human rod contains approximately 10 million of them.
Dale Eickelman was born at 15 of December on 1942 in Evergreen Park and he is Ralph and Richard Lazarus Professor of Anthropology and Human Relations Emeritus at Dartmouth College in USA.
One of her primary admirers is a scientist, and a major theme is the tension between the administration of reason-based science and human emotional life.
Sarah awakens to find herself in a den of human and animal carcasses, witnessing Holly's body being mauled and eaten by crawlers.
The Commission describes Saudi Arabian political imprisonment as "an epidemic" that includes "reformists, human rights activists, lawyers, political parties, religious scholars, bloggers, individual protestors, as well as long-standing government supporters who merely voiced mild and partial criticism of government policy."
In 2005, Arbour was awarded the Thomas J. Dodd Prize in International Justice and Human Rights, along with Justice Richard Goldstone, in recognition of her work on the International Criminal Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda.
His modification of the standard hoplite phalanx and his use of reserve cavalry in that battle constitute what most historians agree is the first recorded use of formal military tactics in human history.
Mendez serves on the City of Phoenix Human Services Advisory Committee, and manages the nonprofit Community Voice Mail, an organization devoted to helping the impoverished.
In response, supporters of the Beijing bid suggested that hosting the games might lead to "progress" on human rights and other issues.
In addition, she has an accelerated healing factor that mends injuries of her body far beyond the capabilities of an ordinary human.
 PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human Kynurenine/alpha-aminoadipate aminotransferase, mitochondrial (AADAT)
In his best-known work, Human Universals (1991), he says these universals, "comprise those features of culture, society, language, behavior, and psyche for which there are no known exceptions."
Zuma also relieved Minister of Human Settlements Tokyo Sexwale, replacing him with Connie September.
He named this the "Bedaux System of Human Power Measurement".
In Human motives and cultural models, edited by R.G.D'Andrade and C. Strauss, 127–62.
She guards the Thunder Fellow, the last mechanical dragon made from a human of 5th-Gear which was entrusted to her by her great-grandfather.
The long line of human figures depicted on them are on average 5 meters tall.
Traditionally, art was usually intended to be a representation of reality and a celebration of human or natural beauty, but by the late 1800s modernists began questioning the boundaries of what constituted art.
The established neuroscientific consensus is that the human mind is largely an emergent property of the information processing of its neuronal network.
They also symbolize the everlasting human quest for truth.
Steele says of Kushiel's design, "I wanted to create a really alien feeling - but as if the alien was trying to look human - not as a disguise but as a very misjudged attempt at respect.
The service was moderated through software filtering as well as a human resource team in order to ensure that the content shared by users was appropriate and that no spoilers were shared.
Barnaby B. Barratt (born 1950), psychoanalyst, specialist in human sexuality
Other common leftist concerns such as pacifism, social justice, racial equality, human rights and the rejection of capitalism and excessive wealth can be found in the Holy Bible.
The partition of the British Raj provinces of Punjab and Bengal and the subsequent independence of Pakistan and one day later of India in 1947 resulted in the largest human movement in history.
They are not attracted to human habitation or foods.
Hirschhorn is the son of Kurt and Rochelle Hirschhorn, both human geneticists.
His death also garnered reactions from human rights groups in Mexico and abroad.
Ceramide is the main component of the stratum corneum of the epidermis layer of human skin.
He decides he wants to try killing a human.
Though toxicity of silver is low, the human body has no biological use for silver and when inhaled, ingested, injected, or applied topically, silver will accumulate irreversibly in the body, particularly in the skin, and chronic use combined with exposure to sunlight can result in a disfiguring condition known as argyria in which the skin becomes blue or blue-gray.
The junta became a target of vociferous criticism in the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe for its human rights violations.
However, there are indications of megafaunal extinction events throughout the Pleistocene, particularly in Africa two million years ago, which coincide with key stages of human evolution and climatic trends.
As a civil society activist, she founded the Independent Commission for Human Rights in 1994 and served as its Commissioner-General until 1995.
Many critics believe Malthusianism has been discredited since the publication of Principle of Population, often citing advances in agricultural techniques and modern reductions in human fertility.
Description: A shield of four fields, whereof the upper dexter and the lower sinister on white background have two crossing green rose stilks with red flower, and the others on yellow background have a black human head with a white headband.
The Isturitz and Oxocelhaya caves are an important Paleolithic site where a Neanderthal mandible was found, as well as later modern human finds associated with the Aurignacian, Solutrean and Magdalenian.
The human corpse itself is the most severe of them all, known as the "Father of fathers of all uncleanness" (prime origin).
American Authors performed the song while in Human Centipede position on season four premiere of The Eric Andre Show.
The protagonist human character from the Gaiares science fiction space shooter starfighter combat game released in Japan in 1990 was changed from an original character called Dan Diaz to the legendary sci-fi hero Dan Dare in the English translated western version.
(The seeds can be prepared for human consumption; they are boiled and steeped in water, not roasted.)
In 2010, then-Secretary of State of the United States Hillary Clinton revived the Eleanor Roosevelt Award for Human Rights and presented the award on behalf of the then-President of the United States Barack Obama.
This is generally directed towards the behavior and exaggerated physical or facial features of the anime/manga art style, which are perceived to be "ideal" human features.
During the 1980s and 1990s, he was a frequent contributor to and sometime guest host of Morningside, for which he often produced human interest documentaries and audio essays about everyday people and places.
In 1927, he participated in the French mission of Captain Marcel Augiéras to the southern Sahara that discovered the remains of "Asselar man", an extinct human believed to belong to the Holocene or Recent Epoch.
He soars up into the sky, followed by a host of phantom biplanes; the following words appear on screen: "And such is human courage...that men died...so others might live...and so, at last, man's empire might reach triumphant to the sky!"
Questionable recycling companies act as brokers and "cut costs by offloading dismantling and recycling to impoverished countries with lax labor laws, weak environmental regulations, and poor human rights track records."
John Calvin maintained there was no human element in the Person of Christ which could be separated from the Person of The Word.
Millis Regional Health Education Center: Interactive health education center with features depicting facets of human anatomy and health.
KJ Cerankowski (previously published as Karli June Cerankowski) is an American professor and author whose work focuses on gender and human sexuality with a focus on asexuality studies.
In 2012, Tunisian activists and human rights groups expressed concerns following several high-profile cases that the nation's Islamist leadership was cracking down on freedom of expression.
Of human diseases caused by G. adiacens, infective endocarditis (IE) is the most common.
October 2015, Euro Mediterranean Human Rights Monitor has issued a press release calling Bahrain's authorities to allow freedom of speech and to free the dissidents.
Domingo Santo Liotta (born November 29, 1924) is a pioneer of heart surgery, creator of multiple cardiac prostheses including the first total artificial heart used in a human being.
One night, Eep sneaks out when she sees a light, and encounters an inventive modern human boy named Guy and his pet sloth Belt, who have made a torch.
On  21 June 2020, The Guardian reported that a Human Rights activist and Saudi dissident Omar Abdulaziz, who is currently living in Canada, was warned by the Canadian authorities that he could be targeted by the government of Saudi Arabia.
He presided over the Constitutional Points Commission and sat on two others: Jurisdictional, and Justice and Human Rights.
This incident is part of acts of violence and intimidation against journalists and human rights activists taking place in Sri Lanka.
The Victorian Pride Lobby (the Lobby, formerly the Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby) is a community-based advocacy group that works towards equality, social justice and advancing human rights for lesbian, gay, queer, bisexual and same-sex attracted people in Victoria.
 Síofra O'Leary, Judge at the European Court of Human Rights
Based on a model of human response to communications – the reception of a stimulus, the comprehension of the stimulus, and the response to the stimulus.
Viruses that inhibit IFN signaling include Japanese Encephalitis Virus (JEV), dengue type 2 virus (DEN-2), and viruses of the herpesvirus family, such as human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) and Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus  (KSHV or HHV8).
In some areas of Lebanon such as the Bekaa Valley, the cotton and cloth pieces are wrapped around a small onion and inserted in the human orifices.
</ref> for, as the NSF said, “helping lead to a better understanding of how cultural, individual, and situational dimensions of human decision-making can be used to improve people's lives.”<ref
According to public art consultant Greta Latchford, "The 'flying people' remind us all that despite the latest developments in aviation technology, it's our human connection that matters most (at the airport)."
It is most explicitly articulated by John Locke in his Essay concerning Human Understanding, but earlier thinkers such as Galileo and Descartes made similar distinctions.
Though the United States Department of State, for example, has issued human rights reports for the Western Sahara, they have not made reference to settlers.
Natural evil (also non-moral or surd evil) is a term generally used in discussions of the problem of evil and theodicy that refers to states of affairs which, considered in themselves, are those that are part of the natural world, and so are independent of the intervention of a human agent.
Second, he criticized the Neo-Confucian drive to eliminate human desire as an obstacle to rational investigation.
In 1880, the society published the first edition of the Swedish yearbook Ymer, and it has published the international journal Geografiska Annaler since 1919, a publication that is divided between physical geography and human geography.
The BDS Movement seeks to impose comprehensive boycotts of Israel until it ends documented human rights violations against the Palestinians.
The Path to Universal Health Coverage in Bangladesh: Bridging the Gap of Human Resources for Health (2015)
DCYTB protein has also been found in other tissues, such as lung epithelial cells and in the plasma membrane of mature red blood cells of scorbutic species (unable to make ascorbate) such as human and guinea pig but not in other species which have retained the ability to synthesise ascorbate like mice and rat.
 Corrective lens for correction of human vision
Jowers, for whom Jowers Center (home of the Department of Health and Human Performance) is named, served as head coach twice (1951–1953 and 1961–1964).
A 2010 report by the Department of Health and Human Services, Head Start Impact, examined the cognitive development, social-emotional development, and physical health outcomes of 4,667 three- and four-year-old children in a nationally representative sample of programs across 23 states.
The party learn that the Reptite time travelers—named Cakulha, Coyopa, and Yaluk—survived the human world's restoration, and had been manipulated by King Zeal.
Mukamulisa was elected to a six-year term on the African Court on Human and People's Rights alongside Ntyam Mengue in July 2016.
There are 39 illustrations, some of animals and plants, some of human topics such as the "Masked-dance and wedding-feast of Tucuna Indians", which is signed by Josiah Wood Whymper.
Jessop's performance was widely praised, and the film was nominated for a Television BAFTA for "Best Single Drama", before winning the RADAR People of the Year Human Rights Media Award 2008.
The Conservatory consists of 4 academic divisions and 15 departments along with administrative office, academic office, concert office, human resources section, maintenance section, financial office, ethnic music research lab, acoustic lab, computer lab, restoration of national music instruments lab, library and manuscripts archive.
Through no fault of its own it suffers these complaints which arise from the uncertainty and error not of the celestial motions but of human observations .
"an absorbing tale filled with characters suffering from all too human flaws and strengths.
Despite its lack of major virulence, however, this bacterium still poses a threat to human health because it contains a variety of antibiotic resistance mechanisms.
 Analogia: The Entangled Destinies of Nature, Human Beings and Machines, 2020, Alan Lane (UK)
As Glas found inconsistencies with the Church of Scotland and what he found in the New Testament, he led a church movement during the first half of the 18th century which promoted the ideal that the church should be governed by the simple order in the New Testament rather than by human councils and synods.
The Northeast Kingdom Human Services (NKHS) is a US Government Contractor which is tasked with providing social services to people in the Northeast Kingdom, Vermont.
With reduction of water flow and increased windy or dry weather, wildfire risks increase; lightning strikes or accidental human mistake can lead to huge wildfires due to the drier-than-normal climate.
In October 2009, workmen clearing vegetation from the bottom of the M5 at Junction 14 discovered human bones in a black bin bag dumped in the bushes at the side of the motorway.
She is well-known for her ongoing interest in community development, government policy and human rights and contributes to the online public policy journal Pearls and Irritations.
 PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human Heat shock cognate 71 kDa protein
Pentagon Award for Human Goals
This was a potentially risky decision to replace the human loader by an electro-hydraulic automatic system, since the technology was new to Russian designers.
In the morning April 23, 1994, in a trash can in Inokashira Park in Tokyo, a park worker discovered two hands, two feet, a right shoulder, an ankle and scattered pieces of flesh and bone, totaling 24 pieces of a human body, in a waste disposal bag.
Many human victims report having been bitten after putting on clothes or shoes that had not been worn recently or had been left for many days undisturbed on the floor.
According to the civil complaint filed by Castergine's attorney, Wilpon repeatedly disparaged her for having a child out of wedlock and then terminated her employment when she complained to human resources.
Cuthill, M. 2003, From here to utopia: Running a human scale development workshop on the Gold Coast Local Environment, 8(4): 471-485.
In residential design this proximity facilitates comfortable human conversation, dinner parties, and table top games.
Her aunt was jailed for two years in the Mamak Military Prison, Ankara, in 1984 after the 1980 military coup because she defended the human rights for women.
August 2018) included "Cannon Fodder", "The Human Race", "White Noise Napper", "Rats", "Friction" and "Hard On Me"
He views Jesus Christ as a human philosopher, "a very charismatic person with a great view of how people should live together."
 Normal Sexual Dimorphism of the Adult Human Brain Assessed by In Vivo Magnetic Resonance Imaging 
She served as the French Secretary of Human Rights from 2007 to 2009, and the Secretary of Sports from 2009 to 2010.
Following increased violence in the preceding days, the United Nations Security Council for the first time condemned the human rights violations against the Syrian protesters.
Anti-parasitic medications such as metronidazole and ornidazole are generally used to treat human infections.
For European Court of Human Rights cases,
This is like the forces of anabolism and catabolism in the human body.
She has proposed three ways that contemporary technology creates human presence related to virtuality culture, which are defined in her dissertation.
Because it suggested for the first time that human activity could impact the integrity of the environment, Johnston's ozone research received some criticism and resistance.
She also formulated the five-year Ghana Statistics Development Plan, which sought to strengthen the institutional and human resource capacity of the different ministries,  departments and agencies with linkages as well as sources of data for the compilation of national statistics.
The location for the video shoot of "(Keep Feeling) Fascination" by the Human League was a house, painted entirely in orange and surrounding terraced streets at the corner of First Avenue and Third Avenue in Plaistow.
Most African migrants are regarded to be legitimate asylum seekers by human rights organizations, but the Israeli government says most of them are job seeking work-migrants.
As a national deputy, Villa presided the parliamentary commission on Municipal Affairs, and formed part of the commissions on Women and Diversity, Human Rights and Guarantees, Sports, Labour Legislation, and Pensions and Social Security.
Biography at the United States Department of Health and Human Services
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1651, adopted unanimously on 21 December 2005, after recalling previous resolutions on the situation in Sudan, particularly resolutions 1556 (2004) and 1591 (2005), the Council extended the mandate of an expert panel monitoring sanctions against and violations of human rights in the Darfur region until 29 March 2006.
Amnesty International called attention to the killings of human rights defenders in the lead-up to the election, noting that Honduras had the highest homicide rate in the world yet only twenty percent of homicides were investigated.
The independence of these types of sexism in predicting human behavior indicates that the two are, in fact, discrete forms of bias on separate but related axes.
. . We are scared of each other as human beings."
He hired "people who are good at creating action", so "the human story [felt] like it belongs to the comic book genre".
Zanamivir has not been known to cause toxic effects and has low systemic exposure to the human body.
After death, the human soul leaves the body.
On his congressional web portal, Delaney noted, "It is time to acknowledge the simple fact that women's rights are human rights, and we must use this approach as we address the pressing issues facing women today."
In the nearby Skhul Cave excavations revealed the first evidence of the late Epipalaeolithic Natufian culture, characterized by the presence of abundant microliths, human burials and ground stone tools.
Increasing human disturbance could lead to habitat loss caused by the ploughing of grasslands, intensive agriculture, afforestation, increased development of irrigation schemes, and the construction of roads, power lines, fencing and ditches.
Pollen evidence shows that the river meander belt and prairie existed in essentially their current condition since human occupation began 2,500 to 3,000 years ago until the 20th century.
Archeologists have found human skeletons including arm bones in the area.
In particular, human beings erred in allowing themselves to establish their own value systems, instead of accepting god's sovereignty.
Narue's human mother first met Tadashi Nanase when he was trying to flee from the Galaxy Federation and almost drowned.
eAngel hires human proofreaders to proofread in five languages, English, Spanish, French, German and Hebrew.
He was initially appointed as a pathologist at the Royal Adelaide Hospital and was later appointed to other roles, including that of city coroner in Adelaide, but his legacy has been marred by allegations of misuse of human remains.
Hamza ibn Ali ibn Ahmad is considered the founder of the Druze and the primary author of the Druze manuscripts, he proclaimed that God had become human and taken the form of man, al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah.
As Eurus raises the water level in the well, John finds a human skull there.
Advanced Placement (AP) classes are offered in the following subjects: English Language and Composition, English Literature, Government, US History, European History, World History, Human Geography, Environmental Science, Chemistry, Biology, Physics, Calculus AB, Calculus BC, Statistics, Art History, Studio Art, Spanish Language, French, and Chinese.
The painting consists of a city landscape, glowing in the morning light, nearly empty of human activity.
The first NPHET was convened in October 2006, to aid with planning for a possible future human influenza pandemic (prompted by increasing international concern at the time over Influenza A virus subtype H5N1).
More recently, its proximity to mineral, animal and seafood riches provided an incentive for human habitation along its shoreline.
National police and security agencies are, however, under effective civilian control, although isolated reports of human rights abuse still surface occasionally.
In 1915, he published results of his studies of casts of specimens associated with the Piltdown Man, concluding that the jaw actually came from a fossil ape and that the skullcap came from a modern human.
Adapted from the ... Human Skin Over Animal Fur... liner notes.
Nevertheless, in 2015, a 50-line probabilistic computer vision program was used to generate 3D models of human faces based on 2D images of those faces.
Of course, when no one would hear anything classified as Christianity but for the communications of other human beings, the question of just where faith has been placed arises.
This, Platoff argues, "draws comedy from human foible rather than mechanized display of patter declamation", suggesting that Leporello is telling us as much about himself as he is about Giovanni.
Tiffany Kavanagh, in The Missing Link DLC for the video game Deus Ex: Human Revolution
This led to a crowd of at least 2000 at the National Palace, which threatened violence; together with Aristide's failure to explicitly reject mob violence, this permitted the junta, which would topple him, to accuse him of human rights violations.
In some of his publications, he argues that the Culture of Health will play an important role in the creation of a human spiritual society into the Solar System.
Wesley discovers that the prophecy means that Angel will become human once he has fulfilled his duties.
The fluidity of the lines function simultaneously as recognizable shapes of the human body, but also trace the pathways of the dancer's movements.
In the summer of 1995, the Resource Centre was established as part of the German Human Genome Project (DHGP) by Hans Lehrach (Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics (MPIMG), Berlin-Dahlem), Günther Zehetner (MPIMG, until July 2000 Scientific Director of the Berlin Resource Center) and Annemarie Poustka (German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg).
He doesn't often seem like a real human in this movie; he's more like an all-purpose writer's device.
He next worked with Amjad Ibrahim for two projects; his horror film Sandhuravirey (2002) which narrates the story of a female jinn aiming to win the heart of a human being and his drama film opposite Sheela Najeeb, Kahvalhah Dhaandhen.
These included human (such as twins), animal, object, temporal, behavioral, speech and place taboos.
In human medicine it is used in cardiovascular, ophthalmic and neurological procedures.
Princess Lucia of the demon realm decides that she must have a child with Yuta, a normal human student, as the child born from their union would possess great power.
Lehmbruck's sculptures mostly concentrate on the human body and are influenced by Naturalism and Expressionism.
and a departed human lover – 
The Evel Knievel-styled jump is the highlight of the Wira Merah show, involving a jump over human or vehicular obstacles.
2015, 'Islam and Human Rights in Pakistan', in Luke M. Herrington, Alastair Mckay and Jeffrey Haynes (eds.
In addition to a range of fullsize human dolls, Elfdoll have released many types of tiny anthro BJDs, beginning with Catsy.
Unlike Pfprol, the structure of the human variant remains poorly understood.
Uruguay granted the former military regime amnesty for the violations of human rights during their regime.
The sons of Eilaboun tells the story of the human toll that Operation Hiram claimed on in the village Eilaboun.
 Dactylifric acid at the Human Metabolome Database
 Dr. Sima Samar, former vice president and former Minister of Women Affairs and the current head of Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission (AIHRC)
Vitruvius tried to describe his theory in the makeup of the human body,  which he referred to as the perfect or golden ratio.
The Turks are portrayed as human beings and a love story between Deliman the Tatar and the Sultan's daughter Cumilla is interwoven into the main plot.
A considerable amount of literature emerged from released POWs after repatriation, depicting Hỏa Lò and the other prisons as places where such atrocities as murder, beatings, broken bones, teeth and eardrums, dislocated limbs, starvation, serving of food contaminated with human and animal feces, and medical neglect of infections and tropical disease occurred.
This is deemed the most critical developmental period in human life by psychologists.
ABT-239 is more active at the human H3 receptor than comparable agents such as thioperamide, ciproxifan, and cipralisant.
Protesters have challenged the mine on the basis of its environmental impact, the threats posed to human health and well-being, and the legitimacy of the company's right to build on the land without proper consultations.
Thus, the comic is not a mere pleasure of the intellect, it is a human and social activity; it has a social meaning.
The central thesis of the book, that human conduct, righteous behaviour, reflection, and meditation are more important than vain speculations about the transcendent - has an appeal to the modern mind.... Books so rich in significance... require to be understood by each generation in relation to its own problems.
With further research into the role of AQP4, it may be possible to modify the human body's system of upregulation of these channels to help in the reabsorption of CSF without the need to use physically invasive treatments.
 Demon and Human (1915) - Alex Fink
How far self-denial should extend is clear from the actual condition of human nature after the fall of Adam.
The Conference analyzed status of criminal justice in Central and Eastern Europe, human rights of prisoners and convicts.
These ethical concerns have prompted several nations to pass legislation regarding human cloning and its legality.
In the section on mitigation, the report says that without more significant mitigation efforts, there will be "substantial damages on the U.S. economy, human health, and the environment.
In Part 2 of her video "Using Activity Theory to understand human behaviour",  shows how activity theory is applied to the problem of behavior change and HIV and AIDs (in South Africa).
SKIP is an acronym for Skeletal muscle and kidney enriched inositol phosphatase, which is a human gene.
One day, the creator god Cheonji-wang descends to the human world to punish him, either for his hubris towards heaven or for refusing to hold the ancestral rites for his dead father.
While the committee did not rule categorically that preventative detention itself was a violation of human rights, they did write "The Committee considers that as the length of preventive detention increases, the State party bears an increasingly heavy burden to justify continued detention and to show that the threat posed by the individual cannot be addressed by alternative measures.
2018 - The Human Rights Medal for volunteer and charity activity
This book explores the human condition as thoroughly as any literary work, with understanding of gender at the crux of that understanding.
 Human nature and self-image
Optoacoustics' fiber optical microphones are also used in functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) environments to enable brain researchers to better understand the underlying workings of human speech and communications.
Earliest modern human remains dating to 46,000–44,000 years ago have been discovered in the Bacho Kiro cave, located in present day Bulgaria.
While he is an android or "synthezoid" (built from a copy of the original Human Torch, a synthetically created man), Vision's personality programming is partly based on the brainwaves of Wonder Man, allowing him to develop his own mind and emotions.
As a result, the separation between man and machine simply becomes theoretical, meaning that the technology becomes perceived by the human as being a part of their body and so should be considered as such.
Evolutionary medicine provides a framework for reevaluating oral health and disease and biological anthropology provides the context to identify the ancestral human microbiome.
These 49 regions represent parts of the human genome that differ significantly from highly conserved regions of our closest ancestors in terms of evolution.
In February 2018, the National Human Rights Commission filed an action of unconstitutionality (acción de inconstitucionalidad; docketed 29/2018) against the state of Nuevo León, contesting the constitutionality of articles 140, 147 and 148 of the Civil Code.
She moved to Loughborough to attend university and graduated from Loughborough University in 2017 with a degree in Human Biology.
The 1972 United Nations Conference on the Human Environment in Stockholm marked "the emergence of what has become a large and complex set of environmental regimes", and "the beginning of international environmental law and policy."
Seven years prior he had become the first human to step on the moon.
Scholars are unclear and in dispute as to possible causes for variations in human sex ratios at birth.
The Do LaB Weekend 2: Hippie Sabotage, Sweater Beats, Stwo,  Sam Gellaitry, Ekali, Autograf (DJ set), Gilligan Moss, Nico Luminous, The Human Experience
There he started his Testament of Man series, an epic series spanning twelve volumes and tracing the development of the human race from prehistoric times, culminating in another autobiographical work, Orphans of Gethsemane.
The United Nations Commission on Human Rights called the pellet guns "one of most dangerous weapons used against protesters".
This version redesigns the human protagonists and some of the enemy characters to give them a robotic appearance.
Tillich often used a philosophical language of "ultimate concern" and employed an ontology that related human experience to the nature of divine Being.
The story "The Time Eater" from issue 40 of the comic Vampirella, scripted by Jack Butterworth and published in 1975, included the concept of human lives running backwards.
It was here that Ownby introduced a greater sense of management and accountability in the areas of finance, governance, human resources, and reporting to the World Scout Committee and the World Scout Bureau at large.
In the beginning, protein C inhibitor(PCI) was originally identified in human plasma by Griffin and Marlar and first isolation was performed by Suzuki et al.
This Bobby is portrayed as the leader of some of the surviving human population in a post-Apocalyptic world though sharing many of the same traits as his counterpart.
Richard Schweiker – Politician; former United States Senator from Pennsylvania (1969–1981) and former United States Secretary of Health and Human Services (1981–1983)
As a consequence, the AMDH encourages the creation of new regional sections, as open spaces for all citizens, and the association with other organizations to bring together as much strength as possible in the fight for human rights.
Areas of special interest include American history and culture; ancient, medieval, and Renaissance studies; anthropology; landscape architecture; studio arts; human rights; Jewish studies; and political science.
Molecular mechanisms involved in inflammation includes release of inflammatory cytokines like IL-1β which reduces the expression of type I collagen mRNA in human tenocytes and causes extracellular matrix degradation in the tendon.
The Human Proteome Organization (HUPO) is an international consortium of national proteomics research associations, government researchers, academic institutions, and industry partners.
She has done extensive training, speaking and consultation on Human Trafficking issues, trauma and torture in the United States, and internationally.
Transposition errors are almost always human in origin.
Pig bladder (also pig's bladder) is the urinary bladder of a domestic pig, similar to the human urinary bladder.
(2016, co-authored by Wexler) use human genetics in support of the hypothesis of "a Slavic origin with strong Iranian and weak Turkic substrata".<ref>Ranajit Das1, Paul Wexler, Mehdi Pirooznia, Eran Elhaik, Localizing Ashkenazic Jews to Primeval Villages in the Ancient Iranian Lands of Ashkenaz", Genome Biol.
"My Body is a Cage" appeared in the episode "Out of the Chute" from the seventh season of the American medical drama House, the teaser trailer to John Carter, and in the promo for the TV show Almost Human.
KoVariome founders have been affiliated with HVP since early days of HVP where Prof. Richard Cotton initiated various efforts to compile the human variome resources.
Ten hours later, Vollmer hears not just one, but multiple voices through the signal, and manages to identify vague references as well as the sound of human laughter coming through his headset.
Yale bioethicist Jay Katz described the chemical warfare tests as "unconscionable," saying that they were based on the "cheap availability of human beings" and the soldiers were "manipulated, exploited, and betrayed."
Membership in the human race is the sole qualification to obtain these rights.
It is also notable for its complete lack of human narration, concentrating instead on the natural sounds of each episodes' specific location.
Rather, the relevance of any particular data for any given hypothesis is decided by human beliefs and assumptions about what kinds of data can support what kinds of hypotheses.
In addition, Human Rights Watch documented the government's failure to look into attacks on political activists by radical Islamic groups.
Human rights activist Hu Jia was jailed for three years for sedition.
He is the author of The Law of Human Rights in Canada: Practice and Procedure (Canada Law Book, 1996) as well as numerous articles.
Given human evolution and history, people tend to enjoy savannah-like landscapes as they depict spaciousness and an abundance of natural life.
Instead, to let self-driving cars function optimally, we have to change current road infrastructure significantly, minimizing the need for human capabilities in the whole driving process.
"Our story is an excellent story to educate Canadians about human rights.
Nerdly.co.uk notes Human Hibachi is a brilliant play on the old “video nasty” era belief that snuff movies are real too.
The Windmill of hope was created by the Korean Red Cross to provide customized integrated human services for the four major vulnerable groups (children the elderly, multicultural families and North Korean settlers) by directly connecting them with Red Cross volunteers and provided emergency livelihood support (housing, medical and educational) for families in crisis.
S: Yogi Berra is the greatest human being who ever lived.
Scientists report evidence of a 13-year-old hominin female, nicknamed Denny,  estimated to have lived 90,000 years ago, and who was determined to be half Neanderthal and half Denisovan, based on genetic analysis of a bone fragment discovered in Denisova Cave; the first time an ancient individual was discovered whose parents belonged to distinct human groups.
Leonard is skeptical, but accompanies Spot to Krank's lab, where Krank agrees to turn Spot human, and gives him a nickel as payment for being his test subject.
Aside from human chronobiology, Roenneberg has significantly contributed to other aspects of the chronobiology field.
Due to the government's increased focus on human health, Pound was transferred to the Health Section of the Home Secretary's Department as Government Bacteriologist and the department was renamed the Bacteriological Institute.
The UN Secretary General has identified seven threats to maritime security in the Report on Oceans and the Law of the Sea 2008, which are: terrorist acts against shipping, offshore installations and other maritime interests, illicit trafficking in weapons of mass destruction, illicit trafficking in drugs, human trafficking, IUU fishing, and unlawful damage to the marine environment.
Members of the genus are also sources of natural products that can be used in the development of medications to treat human disease.
Finally, a recent proteomics study showed that human amylin shares common toxicity targets with beta-amyloid (Abeta), providing evidence that type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease share common toxicity mechanisms.
In a 2005 interview, Kurosawa explained, "What interested me about the narrative story in the book was that it featured a ghost, in other words, a dead human being, as well as an average couple who had been living very normal lives who, in fact, became criminals.
In March 2019, former DeVry student Eric Luongo was invited to testify before the House Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies about his experience at the school.
College of Tropical Agriculture and Human Resources, University of Hawaii at Manoa.
In the study of color vision, a MacAdam ellipse is a region on a chromaticity diagram which contains all colors which are indistinguishable, to the average human eye, from the color at the center of the ellipse.
That there is no sexual intercourse between the Devil and human beings.
The trend of larger brain size, the eating of animal protein, fire use and diversification of exploited foods is key to understanding the changing diets of human ancestors.
Fluids besides human breast milk or iron-enriched infant formula are not recommended.
Minor skeletal variations were reported in rats receiving doses of 810 mg/kg/day, which is more than 10 times higher than the recommended maximum human dose based on mg/m2.
The aim of the Biostasis program is to develop new possibilities for extending the golden hour in patients who suffered a traumatic injury by slowing down the human body at the cellular level, addressing the need for additional time in continuously operating biological systems faced with catastrophic, life-threatening events.
states that if their ransom demands are not met, they will continue to use human time bombs to cause destruction around the world.
Education as a human right has the following characteristics:
Huston Smith said of Comte's philosophy: "Auguste Comte had laid down the line: religion belonged to the childhood of the human race....  All genuine knowledge is contained within the boundaries of science."
This period is important as it, together with the Stillbay period 7,000 years earlier, provides the first evidence of human symbolism and technological skills that were later to appear in the Upper Paleolithic.
Article 6 of the consolidated Treaty on European Union states "The Union shall accede to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms.
He wrote more than fifteen books including two prize-winning children's books—The Human Body and The Brain with his wife Dr. Ruth Bruun.
Finally, there is a human capital dimension to the failure of post-Soviet reforms in Russia.
Research shows that there are significant economic benefits of human capital flight for the migrants themselves and for the receiving country.
Currently, there is not a screen to determine how agents  affect human autoimmunity, because of this much of the current knowledge about autoimmunity in response to immunotoxic agents comes from the observations of individuals who have been exposed to suspected immunotoxic agents.
The first insulin analog (insulin Lispro rDNA) was approved for human therapy in 1996 and was manufactured by Eli Lilly and Company.
In Doug Pratt's DVD: Movies, Television, Music, Art, Adult, and More!, author Pratt observes that even though designed for toddlers, Steven Burns, as the only human in the cast, delivered a "remarkable and consistent performance" while speaking directly to the camera in addressing his young viewers, speaking slowly and clearly without being condescending or patronizing.
Kamala Kumari Parajuli (; born 28 February 1968) is a Nepali human rights activist and gender equality specialist who currently serves as Chairperson of the National Women Commission, one of the country's eight constitutional bodies.
Coral reefs are threatened by human activities such as destructive fishing methods, coral-mining, pollution and unsustainable management practices.
With the rapid expansion of human understanding of cell, molecular, and chemical biology, a vast set of data has been generated on the metabolic pathways, signal-transductional pathways, and gene regulatory networks.
The U.S. Health and Human Services Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) led the SPP Health Working Group, in order to improve the ability of three countries to mutually assist each other during public health emergencies, to exchange information for policy planning, and to improve product safety.
Still intent upon successfully reanimating a human being, they claim the body of a boxing champion who died of a head wound in an illegal back-alley street fight.
About her new role, she said her goal was to make "a real breakthrough in human relations by bringing people together as people – just like George has enunciated.
Wells called it "a fantasia on the change of scale in human affairs. . . .
When an activity raises threats of harm to human health or the environment, precautionary measures should be taken even if some cause and effect relationships are not fully established scientifically.
Its humor comes, as the best humor does, from an acute observation of human nature.
He was the author/editor of several samizdat publications while in the Soviet Union, which were compiled in the book, "In Defense of Human Rights", published by Khronika Press, New York, in 1975.
For human comfort, a minimum of four air changes per hour is typical, though warehouses might have only two.
GBM expands its advocacy and networking efforts through launching "Enough is Enough" campaign, winning two legal cases on human rights and protection of property, and launching the Lake Naivasha campaign to sensitize the communities.
Faray lobbies for the creation of international guidelines that respect the law and government by campaigning against violence towards women in Africa, and for general peace and human rights causes.
642 crore in 150 most backward mandalstill the year 2020 for improving livelihood and human development index under the Telangana PallePragathiprogramme.
Niclosamide (2 mg) is very effective against experimental infection in human.
From early 1981, archaeologists uncovered evidence of human habitation dating from about 15,000 years before present in caves which would be flooded if the dam were to be built.
Ecosystems and human well-being: A framework for assessment (2003)
Selections of the interviews are used to create traveling companion programs that explain the features of the landscape in the context of its human and natural history.
However, because of his commitment to pacifism and intense opposition to fascism and to Benito Mussolini, he did not fire his gun at human targets.
Skills that allowed him to earn a living as a technician in a human physiology research laboratory while studying physics at the local Universita' di Modena.
Though it is similar to the many NGOs operating in the Mediterranean it is not actually an NGO, it brings together heterogeneous organizations and individuals, secular and religious, social and cultural, unions and political, who have decided to take a stand against the deaths and the human rights violations committed daily in the Mediterranean Sea.
The mask, presented as an eagle or thunderbird, was meant to portray an animal to human transformation.
 9 January – The National Assembly declares President Maduro of abandoning his office, accusing him of "breach of the constitutional and democratic order, the violation of Human Rights and the devastation of the economic and social foundations of the nation".
The SurgiBox sticks to human skin using adhesives, the skin and the plastic bubble form a sterile space, and surgeons can operate through entry ports on the side of the device.
This is a list of countries and dependent territories ranked by population density, measured by the number of human inhabitants per square kilometer or square mile, and also sortable by total area and by population.
Serebriakova brings her investigated subject matter of human tragedy of emptiness and loneliness, misunderstandings and cruelty to a universal and philosophical level.
According to his interpretation, the square base represents the earth and its four elements (air, earth, fire, and water), the four points of the compass, the four seasons, and the four periods of a human life-span.
The film deals with the subject of human trafficking among Eastern European girls.
There are an estimated ten million SNPs in the human population.
We pledge to promote shared and universal human values, and the engagement by our institutions within our communities and with our global neighbors.
There is insufficient scientific evidence for the effectiveness of Equisetum'' plants as a medicine to treat any human condition.
The newest school at Boston University is the Frederick S. Pardee School of Global Studies (established 2014), and the newest name is the Boston University Wheelock College of Education & Human Development (renamed in 2018 following the merger with Wheelock College).
In recognition for his "demonstrated excellence and continued promise in scientific and engineering research and in teaching future generations of students to extend and apply human knowledge," Professor Haddad was awarded the National Science Foundation Presidential Faculty Fellow Award in 1993.
Genomics - Students research DNA and genetic diseases at the Broad Institute, where one third of the human genome was sequenced.
Suramin has been studied in a mouse model of autism and in a small phase I/II human trial.
If human semenogelin is present in the sample, it will form an antigen-antibody-colloidal gold complex upon deposition.
The Urbanization and Global Environmental Change Project (UGEC) is one of the core research projects of the International Human Dimensions Programme on Global Environmental Change (IHDP).
Animals, typically rodents, are often used in cancer research and studies of natural cancers in larger animals may benefit research into human cancer.
After spending several days getting information, and discovering the industry's human rights violations and "staggering environmental impacts", he was sure he had to make the film.
Mannerist movement: the interest in the study of human movement often lead to Mannerist artists rendering a unique type of movement linked to serpentine positions.
while UN experts, Michael Lynk, Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian Territory occupied since 1967 and Mr. Balakrishnan Rajagopal (United States of America), UN Special Rapporteur on adequate housing said that settlement expansion should be treated as a "presumptive war crime".
In Shostka, Russia, in 1885, the Mousekewitzes, a Ukrainian-Jewish family of mice who live with a human family named Moskowitz, are having a celebration of Hanukkah where Papa gives his hat to his 7-year-old son, Fievel, and tells him about the United States, a country where he believes there are no cats.
 March 27 – Yuri Gagarin, Soviet cosmonaut, first human in space (b.
19 May 2015: A team of roughly 300 operators from the 69 Commandos were deployed to the Malaysia–Thailand border to search and curb the human trafficking activities in the region.
The following human genes encode proteins with transketolase activity:
They are fully aware of the importance of the moment when the human being stands before God, and is moved by him alone from time to eternity, from the earth to which (s)he belongs to the heaven where God exists.
After attending Wixenford and Harrow, where he specialised in history, Trevelyan studied at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was a member of the secret society, the Cambridge Apostles and founder of the still existing Lake Hunt, a hare and hounds chase where both hounds and hares are human.
The Commission referred the case to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights (IACtHR), an autonomous judicial institution of the Organization of American States based in San José, Costa Rica, for further proceedings.
He reminds the world of the human rights wrongs in North Korea.
CCR has focused on civil liberties and human rights litigation, and activism.
The empire under Soshangane has been criticized for involvement in the slave trade between the year 1830 and 1897, and human rights violations over the indigenous peoples of Mozambique and Zimbabwe.
With a little help from the outlaw Jill Sleet, the only human capable of surviving the poisonous territories of the giants, Jack must learn to overcome or embrace his monstrous nature in order to determine the destiny of mankind.
The repudiation of determinism was followed by further changes to Calvinistic doctrines such as Revelation, Human Depravity, God's Sovereignty, Christ's Atonement and Regeneration.
is a Rohingya neurosurgeon and human rights activist based in Solothurn, Switzerland.
Ebata was variously employed at the Canadian Ministry of Natural Resources, Ministry of Human Resources, Commission for Public Service and Ministry of Environment.
In 2005 The Faculty of Adult Education and Human Resources Development is established as the tenth faculty of the University.
Bitter Chocolate features the player as he navigates a fleet of space fighters and support units, as one of three factions - the Earth Allied Armed Forces (EAAF; an evolution of the Earth Space Corps in the first game), the Bydo Empire, and a new human faction called the Granzella Revolutionary Army (GZRA).
The Protection of National Minorities in Poland report by Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights
The action is believed to be the largest human rights class action settlement in Australian legal history and was brought on behalf of 1,923 detainees who were held at the Manus Regional Processing Centre between November 2012 and May 2016
Researchers found that church forests that were surrounded by walls — a rare occurrence — had a higher density and variety of seedlings than forests without walls, "because it likely reduced access to the forests by grazers and directed human visitors to trails."
McGrory and Garber reported a significant prolongation of T. vaginalis infection in estrogenized BALB/c mice intravaginally preinoculated with  cells of L. acidophilus ATCC 4356 (originating from the human pharynx) in comparison to animals that had not been pretreated.
Many theorists agree that accounts of rationality must not require "[...] capacities, abilities, and skills far beyond those possessed by human beings as they now are."
Megan Mitchell – For significant service to children, to human rights, and to wellbeing initiatives.
After independence, he was hired to help found the Ministry of Labour as Deputy Director of Human Resources, where he worked with future ambassador Ponhele ya France as well as Katrina Itula.
A fast photodiode will see any particular area of the screen illuminated only briefly as that point is scanned, while the human eye will see a consistent image due to persistence of vision.
 2002 Human Rights Commission Award for investigation into failure of mental health service in NSW (Four Corners)
In the end Magneto is defeated when Jean Grey downloads Nick Fury's memories into Magneto, which reveals that mutants are not the next stage of human evolution, but rather a super-soldier experiment gone wrong.
$70.4 billion – United States Department of Health and Human Services
The boats were driven by human pedaling and were able to cruise hundreds of kilometers per day with no wind blowing.
Wang Songlian, a researcher at Human Rights Watch in China, believes that the "health code" is "one of the milestones in the history of China's large-scale surveillance".
 "Wages and Human Capital in the U.S. Financial Industry: 1909-2006," with Ariell Reshef, Quarterly Journal of Economics, November 2012, lead article
"Importance of inheritance in human pathology" (1932)
I am speaking of a process of mental organization throughout the world which I believe to be as inevitable as anything can be in human affairs.
A series of articles under the title Scenario for a Human Drama, in Architectural Review of 1934–5, was Shand's attempt to document and place the contemporary architecture in Europe.
The display sought to show the human side of the tragedy, and not just the destruction of buildings.
Since human space marines were included in the initial Aliens line, the Predator was marketed as an alternative enemy to the Aliens.
During two consecutive seasons of heavy rains in 2008 and 2009, there were two separate outbreaks in Madagascar resulting in 712 suspected human cases and 26 deaths.
The Electroclan and Scott eventually make the trip to Timepiece Ranch and with the help of Ian's powers, ascertain that there are no human remains except for a wounded Elgen soldier.
 ear horns, used by people who are hard of hearing (the human ear itself having the form of a horn)
Between 1996–97, he was a Visiting Fellow at the Harvard Law School Human Rights Program.
Johann Gottfried von Berger (November 11, 1659 – October 2, 1736) was a German physician and writer on physiology who was an early follower of the iatromechanical explanation of human organ functioning.
 In its first report since 2005, the Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (IPBES) warns that biodiversity loss is "accelerating", with over a million species now threatened with extinction; the decline of the natural living world is "unprecedented" and largely a result of human actions, according to the report.
The human sex ratio of Banbasa is 887, with 52% of the population being Male and other 48% female.
Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems, 1145–1148.
She made increasingly Impressionistic paintings, but like "many of her Boston colleagues, she did not compromise her dedication to painting the human form."
Mutation in the gene CCR5 (called CCR5Δ32 because the mutation is specifically a deletion of 32 base pairs in human chromosome 3) renders resistance to HIV.
Criminal networks are heavily involved with human trafficking to the EU and this includes also exploitation of minors as manpower in the sex trade and other criminal activities.
He angrily snaps against Finbar's insistence that the Britons are human too, and treats Sorcha as if she does not exist, though it is later revealed that he loves her very much.
The Upanishads intend to create a hierarchy of connected and dependent realities, evoking a sense of unity of "the separate elements of the world and of human experience [compressing] them into a single form."
His arrest was denounced by the Dakar-based human rights organization  (RADDHO)
These plants could provide terrestrial sustainable sources of longer chain omega-3 fatty acids and have benefits for human health and the environment.
 The environment in Islamic civilization: The concept of human Khilafah on Earth by Dr. Ali Gomaa — Al-Masry Al-Youm 
Cassandra then approaches Sister Jatt and demands payment in exchange for keeping the human test subjects secret.
Also the first Austro-Hungarian offensives against Russia were remarkable for their lack of effect, culminating in the lost Battle of Galicia and the disastrous Siege of Przemyśl combined with massive human cost.
After losing her family in the human fighting before the rise of the MME, she became cynical and isolated, unable to trust (or emotionally tie herself to) other people.
In 1860, The American Museum had listed and archived thirteen human curiosities in the museum, including an albino family, The Living Aztecs, three dwarfs, a black mother with two albino children, The Swiss Bearded Lady, The Highland Fat Boys, and What Is It?
Normal human blood has a significant excess oxygen transport capability, only used in cases of great physical exertion.
Jack and Owen confront the professor who claims only to use human subjects for advanced clinical trials of disease curing drugs, but Jack detects a strong presence of alien life forms within The Pharm, and the facility's security system proves to be beyond the ability of Torchwood to hack from the outside.
There are traces of human activity on Fedje from as long as 4,000 years ago.
Development of novel stem cell models of human aging and aging-associated diseases, and discovery of new drivers of rejuvenation.
Despite different settings, characters and time periods, the different elements produce a single story of human sexuality and revolution through montage.
It is hard to see what value "theology" would have in a Muggletonian setting since such a project would surely be contaminated by unclean human reason.
He needed to absorb a human life-force once every 24 hours to remain "alive" as a zombie.
As a result, he became a founder of the Center for Human Genetics and a senior associate of the Center for Biomedical Informatics.
VHEMT rejects government-mandated human population control programs in favor of voluntary population reduction, supporting only the use of birth control and willpower to prevent pregnancies.
(96) Just because the Civil War decided the emancipation of slaves did not mean that human rights for the freed slaves were guaranteed.
Sterols are common components of human skin oils.
For example, automated DNA sequencing machines were the basis to complete human genome projects leading to the birth of genomics.
She is also involved in the following: member of the Education Committee of the New Jersey Performing Arts Center, board member of the New Newark Police Foundation, New Jersey's Institute for Social Justice and chair in the Essex County Human Service Advisory Council.
One night, Nathaniel has brought his mute brother Thor for a foursome, Ivy expresses her wish to have a new set of cards, handmade out of human skin.
Human Knowledge: Its Scope and Limits.
There are 23 total identified post-translational modifications including phosphorylation sites in the human protein of ISLR.
The International Journal of Human Resource Management 23, no.
Taylor's work also contrasts with other efforts, including those of Henri Fayol and those of Frank Gilbreth, Sr. and Lillian Moller Gilbreth (whose views originally shared much with Taylor's but later diverged in response to Taylorism's inadequate handling of human relations).
DEAD (Asp-Glu-Ala-Asp) box polypeptide 27, also known as DDX27, is a human gene.
The human guise of the Capricorn Undead
High levels of underwater sound create a potential hazard to human divers.
She discovered that a type I quorum sensing system globally regulated virulence in a human pathogen.
Amaryllo develops cloud-based artificial intelligence with its camera robots to recognize objects like faces, human body, vehicle, animals, airplanes, etc.,.
Some of the recent incidents which brought Human Rights concerns in the state of Rajasthan under News are:
In July 2002, he was Dean of the College of Health and Human Performance.
John Sifton, of Human Rights Watch, says that Al-Hila disappeared, for eighteen months, before surfacing in American detention in the US naval base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
The service is licensed through the Montana Department of Public Health and Human services, and it requires each staff member to maintain a license of at least the Emergency Medical Technician level.
Includes 30 map tiles, 50 event cards, 100 zombie-dogs, 6 human figures and life and ammunition tokens.
The vonRoll site, another former factory building, is in the process of being refurbished to house the Faculty of Human Sciences and the Department of Social Sciences.
In the ruins were also found bones from wild boar and birds (one animal bone calibrated at 12,000 BP), while during the three months in 2011 were discovered approximately 300 human bones from the stratum between 24,000-20,000 years old.
The human brain, particularly the hypothalamus, plays a central role in regulating energy homeostasis and generating the sense of hunger by integrating a number of biochemical signals that transmit information about energy balance.
Some Marxists posit what they deem to be Karl Marx's theory of human nature, which they accord an important place in his critique of capitalism, his conception of communism, and his 'materialist conception of history'.
Unlike the other dream demons, she doesn't need to possess a human to enter the real world, as she has her own body.
More recently, however, studies in 3D human coculture are proving to be an effective method with which to study cancer risks in a more realistic context.
For Desmond, the human self always lives in what he calls the ethos.
She was also the author of a number of books on human rights and politics in Indonesia.
"Livin' for the Weekend" is a song by English singer Dina Carroll, from her second studio album, Only Human (1996).
Figuratively Speaking: A Survey of the Human Form
Position on issues of human sexuality 
The helicopter was to be flown by an autopilot while a human controller aims and fires the rifle, which may fire up to ten well-aimed shots per minute.
Based on a comparison of nine major annotation portals gave a spread of human protein counts from 21,819 to 18,891 (as of 2017).
Wolverine escapes and finds the Human Resistance Movement led by Luke Cage.
For that reason they have placed an Amnioni aboard, the former human Milos Taverner.
The Immigrant Access to Health and Human Services project states that the persistence of these cognitive barriers may be due in part to the lack of strong health care, social, and provider networks.
To Vivekananda, meditation (Dhyana) was a bridge that connected human soul to the God, the Supreme.
Though the media was often focused on the amazing growth of the video game industry, it was equally as fascinated with the human side of gaming, as typified by the "player vs machine" showdowns that led to new world record high scores set on nearly a daily basis.
After moving with his family to the Lower Mainland in 1992 he attended Langara College and then  Trinity Western University, where he studied Human Kinetics and Psychology.
At a basic level the analysis of size and morphology can provide some information on whether they are likely to be human or from another animal.
Unlike neighbouring Kashmir, the loss in human life was relatively low in this area, with 511 dead and 622 injured.
Hori and Esa, the elderly mother of Imhotep (a clever woman who although almost completely blind sees things clearer than most others - especially her son) begin to investigate the possibility of a human murderer.
EPP/ED group coordinator at the Human Rights Subcommittee in the European Parliament (since 2004).
Credit is due to man's inveterate ingenuity, or human sapience, for having worked around the blinding dazzle of color vision and found the more significant regularities elsewhere.
On 2 February 2018, four United Nations human rights experts said that members of the Christian minority in Iran, particularly those who have converted to Christianity, are facing severe discrimination and religious persecution in Iran.
His works, primarily in lost wax cast bronze produced at his own foundry, explore the human body portrayed through dance, though he has a substantial body of work centered in the purely symbolic form as well.
Franzen seems never to have met a normal, decent, struggling human being whom he didn't want to make us feel ever so slightly superior to.
The visit was the first in many years by UN human rights investigators.
The image of light sources reflected in the screen can cause the human visual system to focus on that image, which is usually at a much farther distance than the information shown on the screen.
Walking Bear is an ork bear shaman, born human in Seattle.
The theory behind this research is that adolescents who are being raised as a generation of avid smartphone users are spending so much time on these devices that they forgo actual human interaction which is seen as essential to mental health, "The more time teens spend looking at screens, the more likely they are to report symptoms of depression."
Since plants may contain many different substances, plant extracts may have complex effects on the human body.
A dog handler describes dog alerting to human decomposition in the trunk, as well as Caylee's playhouse.
Inspired by space travel and exploration, Cardin visited NASA (the National Aeronautics and Space Administration) in 1970, where he tried on the original spacesuit worn by the first human to set foot on the moon, Neil Armstrong.
West Health's Shelley Lyford is appointed to California's Master Plan for Aging Stakeholder Advisory Committee, a group of civic leaders that will help guide how California addresses the health and human services and social support needs of its fast-growing senior population.
The discovery of three human enterotypes was announced in the April 2011 issue of Nature by Peer Bork and his associates.
According to oral traditions, and as demonstrated by pre-contact pipes held in museums and tribal and private holdings, some ceremonial pipes are adorned with feathers, fur, animal or human hair, beadwork, quills, carvings or other items having significance for the owner.
He was noted in some news media for his stance against various human rights violations in Libya, although Diana West accused him of intransigence during the Bulgarian nurses affair.
The IBM 740 Cathode Ray Tube Output Recorder was also available, which is a 21-inch vector display with a very long phosphor persistence time of 20 seconds for human viewing, together with a 7-inch display receiving the same signal as the larger display but with a fast-decaying phosphor designed to be photographed with an attached camera.
Faulkner has been praised for his ability to recreate the thought process of the human mind.
Here is a list of Mississippi's congressional districts by their Human Development Index.
Miles, Chantek was raised much as a human child yet also had time to be an orangutan.
Madsen charges that the American political center does not want to push the human rights issue so hard that it would disrupt commercial and political relations with China.
Until 2013, he served as the co-director of the Cingranelli and Richards (CIRI) Human Rights Data Project.
A similarly apophatic position is also defended by Walpola Rahula, who states that the question of what nirvana is "can never be answered completely and satisfactorily in words, because human language is too poor to express the real nature of the Absolute Truth or Ultimate Reality which is Nirvana."
For many years, as a human rights lawyer and expert on the Pakistani legal system, and well aware of its flaws, Burney has appealed to both the Pakistani Supreme Court and various presidents of Pakistan to commute the death sentence of all condemned prisoners to life imprisonment.
In this work, he explains existential analysis as an empirical science that involves an anthropological approach to the individual essential character of being human.
This taming of an undirected drive by way of an organizing form reflects the duality of human nature, which Friedrich Nietzsche described with the principles of the Apollonian and Dionysian.
Human Rights Watch reported a student losing an eye after being hit by a plastic bullet.
In Hunter and Hunted: Human History of the Holocaust.
(2012) “Twodimensional IR Spectroscopy and Segmental 13C Labeling reveals the Domain Structure of Human γδ-crystallin amyloid fibrils,” Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA 109: 3329–3334.
Isis's reputation as a compassionate deity, willing to relieve human suffering, contributed greatly to her appeal.
 "Real World", a song by Bruce Springsteen from the 1992 album Human Touch
Myotilin expression in human tissues is mainly restricted to striated muscles and nerves.
The Benazir Income Support Programme is planning to launch a new initiative that encourages human capital development through a conditional cash transfer.
He is director of the Institute of Human Paleontology in Paris, and Professor Emeritus at the Museum of Natural History in Paris.
Land that remains there is fragmented and  degraded by human activity, such as off-road vehicle use.
CHEO argued that genes and other segments of the human genome should not be subject to patents for commercial purposes.
The Carnival tragedy of 1823 was a human crush which occurred on 11 February 1823 at the Convent of the Minori Osservanti in Valletta, Malta.
 Constituting Human Rights: Global Civil Society and the Society of Democratic States (Routledge, 2002)
A second resolution was adopted by the United Nations Human Rights Council in September 2014 which related to sexual orientation and gender identity, however, this was again rejected by the Maldives.
The Human Side of Enterprise by Douglas McGregor (1960).
Cognitive theory suggests that human beings have two fundamental modes of reasoning: logical (albeit however informally some folks may do that when left to their own devices) and spatial.
Is there a form of theory that can acknowledge a certain ‘thing-power’, that is, the irreducibility of objects to the human meanings or agendas they also embody?"
These included the Christian human rights lawyer Gao Zhisheng and environmental activist Hu Jia.
The new area will be shared with Human Technopole, Italy's new research institute for life sciences, and the new IRCSS Galeazzi Orthopedic Institute for medicine.
Natural human cooling by perspiration and evaporation may be facilitated through natural or forced convective air movement by fans, but ceiling fans can disturb the stratified insulating air layers at the top of a room, and accelerate heat transfer from a hot attic, or through nearby windows.
The organization works to ensure that human rights are respected in practice.
Two human polls comprised the 1962 NCAA University Division football rankings.
Saul Bernard Cohen (28 July 1925 – 9 June 2021) was an American human geographer.
Jordan ranked first among the Arab states and 78th globally in the Human Freedom Index in 2015, and ranked 55th out of 175 countries in the Corruption Perceptions Index (CPI) issued by Transparency International in 2014, where 175th is most corrupt.
AutoTutor assists college students in learning about computer hardware, operating systems and the Internet in an introductory computer literacy course by simulating the discourse patterns and pedagogical strategies of a human tutor.
Onofiok's human right activism is evident in some of the bills and motions he moves on the floor of the Akwa Ibom State House of Assembly.
He defended the electronic system saying that the system saves any reaction time for the driver as opposed to a standard "lollipop" system, and considering it was a human error, the incident may have happened with a lollipop as well.
The Commission's complaints and legal divisions were empowered to receive complaints of alleged violations of human rights, investigate them, and seek to resolve the issues by conciliation or by referral to the Commission's legal division for court action.
The Human figures include red devils, angels, culturally iconic symbols such as Uncle Sam and Elvis Presley, and more abstract characters that sport hats, cigars, or red claws.
The thyroxin hormones are essential for human health, hence the usefulness of iodized salt.
Numerous reports from human right groups during the war claimed that white phosphorus shells were being used by Israel, often in or near populated areas.
However, each time the thousand-year great winter returns, human civilization inevitably regresses and has to be rebuilt again the next spring.
″The Solutrean represents technological developments in weaponry, presumably for increased efficiency and effectiveness in hunting in the face of worsening environmental conditions and increased regional human population density.
With Dyesebel in critical condition, her human mother, Lucia, made a televised appeal to put an end to the war before there are any more casualties on either side.
No experience we have at present justifies us, however, in assuming them to be anything but conceptual limits created by human need for economy of thought, and as little inherent in phenomena themselves as geometrical surfaces or centres of force.
Peace One Day in association with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have produced the Anti-Racism Live Global Digital Experience on 21 March 2021, on the International Day for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination.
Led by Jack Odle, William Neal Reynolds, Professor of Nutritional Biochemistry at N.C. State, the scholars examined issues in the broad domain of functional foods, bioactive food components and human health.
As of 2002, over half of the world's population was estimated to being living within 60 km of the coastal shoreline, making coastlines highly vulnerable to human impacts from daily activities that put pressure on these surrounding natural environments.
The third ditch also contained multiple fragments of bone from human skulls, three of which showed signs of charring; Curwen commented that "It is difficult to avoid the view that these may be relics of cannibalism".
The centaurettes are shown in a variety of colours other than human skin tones, including blue, and were originally drawn bare-breasted, but applying the Hays code, the Motion Picture Producers and Distributors of America forced the animators to cover their breasts with garlands.
In other words, the knowledge held by a given individual mind owes at least as much to the total, accumulated, wealth of human knowledge made manifest, comparably to the world of direct experience.
He concludes that despite his overall dislike of the film, he applauds Fitzmaurice's "miracle" in completing a feature due to his disability, saying: "if you're a human being you have a rooting interest in Mr. Fitzmaurice.
Ro-Busters would turn up in Savage Book Five, set in an alternate 2009; a human Howard Quartz and his Ro-Busters company designed the first ABC Warriors to liberate Volgan-occupied territories.
 May 21, 2014: Omnibus health and human services policy act ()
Nearby residents have also complained about odour: the Borough of Hounslow served an odour abatement notice on Thames Water in 2001, and in 2011 complainants won a court judgement that the company had failed since 1990 to adequately manage odour and thereby violated human rights; £19,000 in damages to ten people were assessed.
Human Organization 2.2 pp.
In 2004, Hassan reluctantly accepted joining the board of the quasi-governmental National Council for Human Rights (NCHR).
As the defendants would not be able to have a fair trial without suitable representation, which br in breach of their right to a fair trial under Article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights, the case could not proceed and was stayed.
Amendments generally require a two-thirds majority of both the  and the ; the fundamental principles of the constitution, as expressed in the articles guaranteeing human dignity, the separation of powers, the federal structure, and the rule of law, are valid in perpetuity.
From 1995 to 1998 he was in the Human Rights Task Force at the Federal Foreign Office.
Commentators said the supporting cast was now working with better material and that Poehler's character had improved and become less over-the-top and more human than in the first season, and more distinct from Michael Scott.
He said they were quite good, but that the different style in which he drew human figures represented a profound disinterest in people.
The Principle of Freedom and Responsibility in Science: the free and responsible practice of science is fundamental to scientific advancement and human and environmental well-being.
With a human victory imminent, the machines' only choice is to send a Terminator back in time to kill John's mother, Sarah Connor, and prevent the boy's birth, thereby handicapping the resistance from ever being founded in the first place.
In 2020, a target list of 50,000 phone numbers leaked to Forbidden Stories, and an analysis revealed the list contained the numbers of leading opposition politicians, human rights activists, journalists, lawyers and other political dissidents.
Sex Matters is a Canadian talk show that broadcasts on CP24 exploring many issues about human sexuality.
"Didn't I" is a song by American band OneRepublic, released as the third single from their fifth studio album Human through Interscope Records on March 13, 2020.
However, biographer Wulf Köpke disagreed, noting that "biological evolution from animals to the human species was outside of his thinking, which was still influenced by the idea of divine creation."
In 1992, Ribas Reig resigned after his efforts to introduce a new constitution securing civil human rights were blocked by conservatives.
Nature Human Behaviour, 2, 156-164.
He describes his political views as being motivated by an attitude that "you should have the biggest say in how you live your life... chasing, again, the best solutions rather than the ones based in ideology," and has been active in issues such as wildlife conservation and human rights activism.
This term was directly inspired by the ongoing effort to sequence the human genetic code—to build a genome.
The Tobacco Institute criticized the United States Environmental Protection Agency's 1993 report declaring tobacco smoke to be a Class A human carcinogen.
HUMAN provides tutoring, liveliness in hospitals to underprivileged and disabled children.
Brian Greene argues similarly: "The deepest description of the universe should not require concepts whose meaning relies on human experience or interpretation.
She was a guest vocalist on the 2013 track "Take the Bullets Away" by We as Human.
In terms of economic indicators, the municipality ranks around the high average: it is 113th of 264 municipalities in Bulgaria by GDP per capita and 67th by Human Development Index.
In 1940, Karl Landsteiner and Alexander S. Wiener made the connection to their earlier discovery, reporting a serum that also reacted with about 85% of different human red blood cells.
However, these limited set of rights must also been read within the context of TFEU art 56 (ex TEC art 49) on the freedom of establishment, and also the right to freedom of association under the European Convention on Human Rights article 11 and the EU Race Equality Directive.
Hemmed between the windows are well-crafted sculptures of human figures.
But if the luma component Y' itself is instead used directly as a grayscale representation of the color image, luminance is not preserved: two colors can have the same luma  but different CIE linear luminance  (and thus different nonlinear  as defined above) and therefore appear darker or lighter to a typical human than the original color.
In 2007, Human Rights Watch requested that King Abdullah stop a campaign to round up and deport foreign followers of the Ahmadiyya faith.
Ataru also appears to have a good knowledge of the human body and its nerve points; in "The Final Chapter" movie, when Carla attempted to use her trademark bazooka, Ataru 'poked' her on a part of her back and caused her to spasm and lose control of her weapon, firing it randomly.
He thought it was crucial to recognise human finitude, promoted philosophical scepticism and pluralism, and opposed the absolutism found in German idealism.
the overall format of the human computer interface
Mauro Casiano Cantu, Jr. (April 2, 1937 — November 9, 2000) was a restaurant owner, Chicano activist, advocate and member of a Marxist–Leninist–Maoist Mexican guerrilla group, as well as a spokesman for human rights for Chicanos and Mexicans both in the US and in Mexico.
The excavation in 1973 of the text known as Wuxingpian (五行篇) at the Mawangdui revealed a style of Confucian thinking which focused more on the moral and emotional messages evoked by the everyday human situations found in the lyrics.
She is best known for her psychological work on human understanding of causality.
In the sequel, both Fiona's ogre and human forms are shown wearing the same green dress.
He also reported in an interview by Human Rights Watch on 27 September 2004: "...
Very small airplanes may be moved by human power alone.
The aim of the game is to take down wandering troops of human invaders in their attempt to steal gold from the robots' mining facilities.
Internet users of all ages need to be trained on the risks of going online, on the basic human responsibilities, and on the fact that the same un-written rules of how we should treat one another offline should also apply online.
Other changes come as a direct result of human activities.
On May 20, 2011, during a  Health and Human Services budget debate, Hoffman tweeted: "#Sen Goodwin just called people with mental illness- idiots and imbeciles- while debating HHS bill #offensive #mndfl #mnsrc #mnleg".
Macdonald suggests that, technically, he surpassed all of these, with a feeling for the human voice that compares with that of Mozart.
This international treaty was the most adapted human rights treaty in history.
The relationship between human rights and civil liberties is often seen as two sides of the same coin.
Amazon Mechanical Turk provides a platform for processing images, a task well-suited to human intelligence.
Media and the public often regard all incidents of horses being found injured as resulting from human acts, even if it has not been proven that the causes are unnatural.
The first battle for the fate of the human race begins.
Lukács does not restrain human liberty for sociological determinism: to the contrary, this production of existence is the possibility of praxis.
Human rebels band together for a battle of life and the control of civilization.
The lab has since been able to identify similar stochastic processes in other viruses, such as a kind of herpesvirus called human cytomegalovirus, as published in a 2020 paper.
The Arctic Inspiration Prize, also known as the Nobel Prize of the North, accepts nominations that address causes rather than symptoms of one or more of the following priority areas in the Canadian Arctic: Education, Human Health, Socio-Cultural Issues, Environment and Economy.
Human rights organisations based in Bangladesh
Several human rights organizations, including Amnesty International also called for Suryapin's release.
Many human rights reports were published about the Bahraini uprising of 2011, a campaign of protests, and civil disobedience in the Persian Gulf state of Bahrain that is considered part of the revolutionary wave of protests dubbed the Arab Spring.
The Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative stated in September 2007 that they would make a complaint to the court concerning 44 Ghanaians who were allegedly executed in 2005 on the orders of the President of the Gambia, Yahya Jammeh after being accused of planning a coup against him.
Before any further conventional style records could be recorded, the original Human League had split; Oakey then took the new reformed band down a different commercial and pop route.
The system she later referred to as 'Danscript' was hugely comprehensive and was intended for the universal documentation of human movement.
The oldest traces of human settlement date back to the Bronze Age and there were grave finds from the Late Roman era.
Currently the TDRA’s teamwork in 13 departments that include Strategy and Future, Regulatory Affairs, Legal Affairs, Internal Audit, Spectrum management Affairs, Finance, Corporate Communications, Technology Development, Administration, Human Capital, Digital Government Operations, Policy and Programs.
The Washington Blade printed a guest editorial from a longtime HRC supporter who claimed that neither recipient had done enough to deserve the award and that The Human Rights Campaign was simply capitalizing on Bass's fame to sell tickets.
The School of Science is currently conducting classes in B.Sc Human Biology, Environmental Science and Engineering, Bio-Technology, and Applied Physics.
Oduah's reporting explores culture, history, conflict, human rights, and development to capture the complexities, hopes and everyday realities of Africans and people of African descent.
The way Dinkar has presented the story of Karna with all hues of human emotions trapped in moral dilemmas is simply marvelous.
On November 13, 2006, Human Rights Watch published a briefing paper on torture in Chechnya that it had prepared for the 37th session of the United Nations Committee Against Torture.
It is chastity which preserves a human being's equilibrium.
She received a BA in human biology and an MA in anthropological sciences from Stanford University.
According to Nugent:The picture, like the play, is a tender thing and wistful, fantastic in its way, yet firmly rooted in human soil.
However, most of the human population growth in the 2010s comes from Africa and Asia, as nations in Europe and the Americas tend to have too few children to replace themselves.
Justice Gala On the occasion of the 10th Session of the Assembly of the States Parties of the ICC, the inaugural Justice Gala took place on 12 December 2011 to recognize the growing global role of the ICC in the struggle for international justice and human rights.
During the summer of 2014, the band's popularity continued to grow and shows included support for The Human League and Martha and the Vandellas amongst others.
The Senate declares Commodus a god, and Livius and Lucilla are sentenced to be burned alive as human sacrifices to the new deity as the Roman citizens drunkenly celebrate.
Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) is the most common strain of HIV.
It combines neuroscience with phenomenology in order to study experience, mind, and consciousness with an emphasis on the embodied condition of the human mind.
In this capacity, she oversees the group’s legislative activities on European affairs and human rights.
Protests in Dhaka were joined by thousands of school children from different schools, urging world leaders to take action and forming a human chain.
Looked at as a mathematical/geometrical problem, expanding a 2-dimensional object manifold into a 3-dimensional visual world is "ill-posed," i.e., not capable of a rational solution, but is accomplished quite effectively by the human observer.
Possibly for this reasons, Thetis was betrothed to an elderly human king, Peleus son of Aeacus, either upon Zeus' orders, or because she wished to please Hera, who had raised her.
10 categories), 'Best Art & Design', 'Best Hardware', 'Best Measurement', 'Best Software', 'Best Human Practices', 'Best Model', 'Best New Part', 'Best Poster', 'Best Presentation', 'Best Wiki' and others depending on the competition year.
The IPCC shared the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize with Al Gore for contributions to the human understanding of climate change.
At the ICA, Hamilton was responsible for the design and installation of a number of exhibitions including one on James Joyce and The Wonder and the Horror of the Human Head that was curated by Penrose.
Human orienting reaction as a function of electrodermal-versus plethysmographic response modes and single versus alternating stimulus series.
He is also known for being the co-creator of the book Human Monstrosities with photographer George Piersol.
In Philip K. Dick's novel Martian Time-Slip (1964), a human colony on Mars is trying to cope with arduous environmental conditions.
Gene expression profiling of human breast cancer cell lines is underway in an effort to further define the potential of gephyronic acid as a chemotherapeutic lead.
Flansburg was dubbed "The Human Calculator" by Regis Philbin after appearing on Live with Regis and Kathy Lee.
 EN 50371 (Essential requirement of article 3, paragraph 1, point a of the directive: safety – human exposure to electromagnetic fields)
Utility tunnels range in size from just large enough to accommodate the utility being carried, to very large tunnels that can also accommodate human and even vehicular traffic.
In a letter dated February 13, 2008, Christoph Wilcke, a researcher with Human Rights Watch, exhorted King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud to halt her execution.
PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human Cardiac phospholamban
Meanwhile, Detective Yoshikawa and his aide, Kamio, investigate a mutilated body of a high school girl, Hisayo Yoshida, who is one of the two students scheduled to feed the school rabbits, and an unrelated human jaw nearby.
There is little human kindness in his satires, which were directed against the corruption of the times, the Reformation, and especially against Martin Luther.
In 1961, Stan Lee and Jack Kirby repurposed his name and powers for a new character, Johnny Storm, a member of the Fantastic Four (who was actually a human mutate).
Her works range from simplistic drawings to rendering of the human body by layering torn and manipulated photos of body parts.
in public health nutrition at the University of Michigan School of Public Health in 1978, and his Ph.D. from Cornell University in human nutrition in 1981.
The lyrics of Filth and its following albums deal with "violence, extreme sex, power, rage, and the margins of human depravity", according to AllMusic's Thom Jurek.
Funding bodies of the Harvard Fatigue Laboratory, like the Committee for Industrial Physiology, provided financial support for a diverse research of human biology.
According to some Jain scholars, slaughtering cattle increases ecological burden from human food demands since the production of meat entails intensified grain demands, and reducing cattle slaughter by 50 percent would free up enough land and ecological resources to solve all malnutrition and hunger worldwide.
It recognizes no division between religion and other aspects of life, in Maududi's view, and there was no area of human activity or concern which the sharia did not address with specific divine guidance.
In addition to this, some seals with geometric motifs, cattle and human figures made of clay, have been found in the town.
(For example, a human or sophisticated algorithms.)
 Human Health Therapeutics Research Centre — advanced therapeutics, vaccines and diagnostics technologies
The document the committee drafted is now known as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In the Sci-Fi Channel miniseries Tin Man, he is portrayed as a shape-shifting human.
2020–present: Funeral, Young Money Radio, re-releases, I Am Not a Human Being III, Trust Fund Babies and Tha Carter VI
The proportion was important to give the house a human scale.
Commenting on Adele's nosey opinions on her colleague's lives a reporter from the Daily Record quipped, "As we've noted before, Adele is part human X-ray machine, part mind-reader, so watch this space."
As a human rights activist, Menon presented the cases of numerous political prisoners and sought justice in many high-profile cases including of Abdul Nasar Maudani.
@NuryTurkel Uyghur Human Rights Project and a commissioner of the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (Interview on The John Batchelor Show, 2020)
A biological reserve (, Rebio) in Brazil is a legally defined type of protected area of Brazil, a conservation unit that aims for full preservation of biota and other natural attributes without human interference.
constitution did not allowed for violation of human right.
Examples of chimeric antibodies approved for human therapy include abciximab (ReoPro), basiliximab (Simulect), cetuximab (Erbitux), infliximab (Remicade) and rituximab (MabThera).
Cilappatikaram contains musical terminology such as, azhaku and matthirai referring to the musical pitch and the smallest fraction of an audible sound distinguishable by the human ear.
Recognizing their vulnerability to imperious passions, human agents precommit themselves to "[achieve] rationality by indirect means."
Four lodge sites were excavated in the early 1960s, uncovering post holes and cache pits, one of which contained skull-less human remains.
Physical geography is the branch of natural science which deals with the processes and patterns in the natural environment such as the atmosphere, hydrosphere, biosphere, and geosphere, as opposed to the cultural or built environment, the domain of human geography.
The Wannsee Conference was thus an attempt to harness the occult via mass human sacrifice in the Holocaust, but it ultimately failed after Allied interference.
The Land depicts human interaction with the Earth, focusing on agriculture, ecology, and travel.
The mystery of Artyom's charismatic stage persona continued to intrigue theatre historians long after his death in 1914, one of them calling the actor "the embodiment of the human spirit in it its most basic form."
It was acknowledged in this report that Kiribati faces a number of challenges and constraints with regards to human rights, these including the effects of climate change,  the rights of women and children, developmental challenges and access to justice.
This is a list of regions of Barbados by Human Development Index as of 2019 with data for the year 2020.
Some enhancements to PVDF must also be made before it can be used for human surgery.
After the 2002 disappearance of her daughter, who is believed to have been kidnapped by a human trafficking network, she spent years searching for her daughter, and started a foundation to support victims of sex trafficking.
He was an assistant specialist in cooperative extension in the department of human and community development at the UC Davis College of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences from 1999 to 2001.
In 2012, anthropologist Richard Wright used Bone Clones cast BC-110 to train users in quality control when using his CRANID program for determining the ancestry of unidentified human remains.
These include small objects such as insects and flowers, to human sized objects such as Amelia Earhart's Flight Suit to room sized objects such as the Gunboat Philadelphia to historic sites such as Liang Bua in Indonesia.
Thus, when Paul indicates that Christ "emptied himself" this is to be understood in light of his assumption of a human nature.
These include recognition that "[a]ll human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights", that "[e]veryone has the right to life, liberty and security of person", and that "[e]veryone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted".
In the midst of the rise of new-age subculture Stanislav Grof and others formed the new field of transpersonal psychology, which emphasized "the importance of individual human experience, validity of mystical and spiritual experience, interconnectedness of self with others and the world and potential of self-transformation".
The Snail Boy, despite his small size and appearance, wants to help his human father in driving the horses, and his father, remembering that his son was a gift from the Water Deity, decides to indulge him.
This theory deals with only one type of human behavior, which is speech acts.
In 1999, the African National Congress's submission to a South African Human Rights Commission investigation into racism in the media said that Disgrace depicted racist stereotypes.
After the county job, she switched careers to the Minnesota Department of Human Services in St Paul, Minnesota as a business analyst from 1999-2005.
Another special issue on Post Normal Science was published on the journal Science, Technology, & Human Values in May 2011.
Renaissance painting differed from the painting of the Late Medieval period in its emphasis upon the close observation of nature, particularly with regards to human anatomy, and the application of scientific principles to the use of perspective and light.
They arrive at the Sanctuary and meet the caretaker Agad - a dragon who became human in order to become a great wizard.
 Human Identification At a Distance
The term now has a widespread colloquial and idiomatic usage that is associated with human physiology and behaviour to more superstitious phenomena such as luck.
Korolev saw this as an important deadline, and was determined to launch a crewed orbital mission before the Americans launched their human suborbital mission.
They were banished to the human world by Star Swirl the Bearded.
, as well as zinc deficiencies in human males may prevent the normal functioning of spermatogenesis.
Police alleged that weapons and grenades were found during the operations and that the activists were killed for resisting arrest, claims that were met with skepticism by human rights organizations and Vice President Leni Robredo, who described the killings as a "massacre."
The first part of Memorial to be declared a "foreign agent" was its Moscow-based Human Rights Centre in July 2014.
 (with Alan Musgrave) Popper and the Human Sciences (Springer, 1985)
According to the same source from April 2005, "60 to 70% of [North Korean] defectors  are women, 70 to 80% of whom are victims of human trafficking."
Buddha: The term Buddha means ultimate human perfection, the perfection of insight and compassion.
The term is often used to describe segments of the population which share such attributes and are contrasted from others by those attributes, and is used in human rights law to classify protected groups of people who should be protected from civil or criminal actions which are directed against those immutable characteristics.
which is translated as, the character (ēthos) of a human (anthropōi) is the daimōn,  or sometimes the character of a person is Fate, and the variation An individuals character is their fate (idem "Man's character is his fate").
Neil A. Armstrong (Vice Chairman), retired astronaut and first human to walk on the Moon (Apollo 11)
It tells of the efforts of the sole survivor of the destruction of a human starship to return to Earth from the distant planet Tschai.
In 2001, intravenous heroin users accounted for 70.9 percent of the confirmed 22,000 human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) cases.
Paws with a Cause pairs shelter dogs with disabled human companions.
Human monocytotropic ehrlichiosis occurs in California in Ixodes pacificus ticks and in Dermacentor variabilis ticks.
Recommended prerequisite classes may include those of the biological, chemical, and physical sciences, including: human anatomy and physiology, embryology, genetics, microbiology, immunology, cellular biology, exercise physiology, kinesiology, general chemistry, organic chemistry, analytical chemistry, biochemistry, toxicology/pharmacology, nutrition, nuclear medicine, physics, biomechanics, and statistics.
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and National Coalition of Syrian Revolution and Opposition Forces stated that 8 or 11 Syrians refugees were killed by Turkish security forces on the night of 18 June 2016, as they attempted to cross the border into Turkey.
Human rights advocates are claiming that the government was taking advantage of the situation.
Roussau responded that music was the language of feelings; "from the melody comes all the power of music over the human spirit."
In the previous decade the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) had considerable impact on the administration of military justice, particularly the need for the independence of the courts martial system.
Human Resources in Japanese Industrial Development by Solomon B. Levine and Hisashi Kawada
The Faculty of Human and Social Sciences is made up of the Department of Management and Economics, Department of Sociology, Department of Education Sciences and the Department of Sports Sciences.
The new method was used by Sanger and colleagues to sequence human mitochondrial DNA (16,569 base pairs) and bacteriophage λ (48,502 base pairs).
Visual analytics focuses on human interaction with visualization systems as part of a larger process of data analysis.
The difference between 11111111 and 11111110 in the value for blue intensity is likely to be undetectable by the human eye.
Mussells Seyfert was employed as a human computer at the Harvard College Observatory.
His safeguard then is the astringent humour which enables him to see even people he dislikes in a redeeming light, and which also permits him to gaze far down into the labyrinths of the human soul."
The majority of accidents in technical professions have human error as causal elements.
It is loosely based on the true story of Adolfo de Jesús Constanzo, a drug lord and the leader of a religious cult that practiced human sacrifice.
 Nolte, J (2002) The Human Brain, 5th edition.
She feels "[t]he stories amply reflect [McKillip's] range and depth as an author: some are serious, some lighter, and all express an impressive grasp of the range of human emotions and motivations."
is used to determine how to navigate the environment Interaction forces between the human and the environment also affect behavioral dynamics as seen in by the Neural control of limb stiffness.
Although no treatments have been approved for use in human PVL patients, a significant amount of research is occurring in developing treatments for protection of the nervous system.
It is ranked 147 out of 187 (2011) countries in the UN's Human Development Index.
Most homes had their own ceramic kilns, baking ovens, and work centers, indicating that almost all of the work that needed to be done to maintain human existence at the Neolithic standard of living could be done within each household in the community.
He used these powers enthusiastically, imposing a severely repressive regime that was widely criticised by international human rights organisations.
His goals were the development of baseball in Japan, dispel negative attitudes toward the game, and to ensure, through athletic competition, "that the spirit of cooperation and unity, fairness, and cheerful spirit required by the present age will be planted in the human heart."
The Neolithic Revolution, or the (First) Agricultural Revolution, was the wide-scale transition of many human cultures during the Neolithic period from a lifestyle of hunting and gathering to one of agriculture and settlement, making an increasingly large population possible.
In 2004 Doss became the Principal Deputy UN Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Ivory Coast, where he coordinated the work of the United Nations Peacekeeping Mission ONUCI in the areas of human rights, rule of law, civilian police and management.
This also permits for a more complex study concerning how regeneration may be conserved in cephalopod genomes and if it may be somewhat conserved in the human genome alongside the genes expressing for the camera eye.
On 19 November 2021, 17 members of the Lithuanian national parliament Seimas released an official letter encouraging Lithuania to withdraw from the 2022 Olympics due human rights violations in China.
 Johnny Storm / Human Torch: Ultimate Spider-Man
Institute of Human Origins Research Council
During early conceptions of the album, Norwood had wanted to reunite with Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins–her longtime collaborator who had executively produced Human (2008).
Habitat has also been lost to logging, mining, pollution, and human settlement.
Furthermore, Williams and Spriggs asserted that this colour-blindness, by making laws and markets 'raceless' took away from the visibility that white privilege and its benefits had on its beneficiaries and this was inculcated into the shaping of legal doctrine and human capital accumulation and ultimately had an effect on labor market outcomes.
Apep – An evil alien, he has been working for millennia to subjugate portions of the human race.
He has served as president of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
Its range has constricted greatly in the face of human encroachment, although it can still be seen in Sinharaja, Kitulgala, Kandalama, Mihintale, in the mountains at Horton Plains National Park or in the rainforest near the city of Galle.
This article regards the human arterial tree.
Each player is also given an antidote at the start of the game; if taken within 10 minutes of being touched by a zombie, the human is cured.
The IFSMA is a federation with a policy to ensure safe operational practices, to prevent human injury, to protect the marine environment and to ensure the safety of life and property at sea.
Carver and Scheier hypothesize that avoidance motivation has a stronger effect on human nature than approach motivation due to evolutionary tactics.
The survey will study tens of thousands of Americans for decades, much like past longitudinal studies––such as the Framingham Heart Study––except that the scope of measurements and disciplines covered by The HUMAN Project eclipse any past biomedical or behavioral research longitudinal study.
He was a member of the Consultative Council of the National Human Rights Commission since 1998.
The academics Jane McAdam and Ben Saul raised concerns in December 2020 that the restrictions placed on the numbers of Australians who were able to enter the country and the way places in the hotel quarantine program were being allocated could constitute a violation of human rights.
Cyprus had the twentieth highest level of expected human capital with 24 health, education, and learning-adjusted expected years lived between age 20 and 64 years.
The historical text Sanguo Zhi (Records of the Three Kingdoms) records the use of both human labor and horse-power to operate metallurgic bellows of a blast furnace before water-power was applied.
In June 2010, at the request of the US Department of Health and Human Services, the U.S. National Academies Institute of Medicine held a workshop to discuss known health effects of previous oil spills and how they might apply to the Gulf spill and to coordinate epidemiological monitoring and ongoing medical research.
 Keith Powell as Wyatt Geary: the new VP of human resources who wants to prove that Don is in a relationship with Sloan.
This result helped to shift the focus of the human capital literature away from college education and towards early childhood education.
He has been awarded the Lilly Foundation Distinguished Career Award (2015) ,   the Hippocrates International Award for Medical Research on Human Nutrition given by the Real Academia de Medicina y Cirugía of the Principality of Asturias (2015),  and the Society for Endocrinology Medal (2017).
These include various human figures, skeletal figures for Day of the Dead, candle holder, incense burners, angels and religious items.
Their use in research allows for the characterization of human keratinocyte using a model that is reproducible and addresses issues such as short culture lifespan and variations between cell lines that would otherwise be encountered.
Passed on 21 October 1959 during the 834th plenary meeting, Resolution 1353 expressed grave concerns about the violation of the Tibetan people's fundamental human rights and freedoms, and cited official statement made by the 14th Dalai Lama.
Pouyandeh worked at the Cultural Research Institute and was working on translating a book called Questions & Answer about Human Rights at the time of his death.
Emerging literature shows the increased presence of the anti-14-3-3ζ antibodies in several immune dysfunctions, including human vasculitis and cancer.
On September 9, 2019, on behalf of Aid Access, Dr. Rebecca Gomperts sued Alex Azar, then Secretary for the Department of Health and Human Services, the FDA, and other federal officials for seizing packages containing medications and blocking transfer of payments to Aid Access.
It also broadens the view of rhetoric and the relationship among human beings.
NPBF3 has many human paralogs because it is a member of a gene family.
Falun Gong practitioners in China are reportedly subject to a wide range of human rights abuses: hundreds of thousands are estimated to have been imprisoned extrajudicially, and practitioners in detention are subject to forced labor, psychiatric abuse, torture, and other coercive methods of thought reform at the hands of Chinese authorities.
Robert Browning used the motif or concept of a toccata by Baldassare Galuppi to evoke thoughts of human transience in his poem "A Toccata of Galuppi's" (although Galuppi did not actually write any piece with the name 'Toccata').
Integrin, alpha E (ITGAE) also known as CD103 (cluster of differentiation 103) is an integrin protein that in human is encoded by the ITGAE gene.
September 6, 1945 − Japan − According to former Japan Railroad Ministry official confirmed report, a local train derailment and crush into safety guard, when a train driver asleep condition and regressing at a switchback type Sasago station, Chuo Line, Yamanashi Prefecture, 60 persons were human fatalities and 90 persons were hurt.
Gender-based medicine, also called "gender medicine", is the field of medicine that studies the biological and physiological differences between the human sexes and how that affects differences in disease.
Hemoglobin, beta pseudogene 1 is a human pseudogene with symbol HBBP1.
Many held handmade signs reading "Fall Clean Up: This Is a Vanguard Community Project", and "All trash is before the broom", pushing against the idea that they, as people, were in any way disposable or unworthy of human dignity.
The name Human Greed arose from the title of a play for which Begg intended the music to inhabit.
Tyler's cause was taken up again in 2007 by human rights organizations and a variety of public figures after his case was reviewed by a columnist of the New York Times.
The findings proved human activity in the Fanxietang Area (泛斜塘地区) 5500 years ago.
The Last Neanderthal: The Rise, Success, and Mysterious Extinction of Our Closest Human Relative.
Munro settled in Florida with his friend, Roy Lincoln (the Human Bomb).
In 1982, according to requests for US declassified documents by the National Commissioner for Human Rights in Honduras, or in 1984 according to COFADEH, its name was changed to the "Intelligence Battalion 3–16".
All BIN graduates will become part BIN human resource after graduation.
According to this philosophy, 'actions are right roughly insofar as they are a matter of living harmoniously with others or honouring communal relationships', 'One's ultimate goal should be to become a full person, a real self or a genuine human being'.
Historically, reliance on genetically uniform crops has put the human population at risk for catastrophic crop failures such as the European Potato Failure and the Great Famine of Ireland.
By 1994, five years after the Convention on the Rights of the Child was adopted, children's rights advocates and sympathetic governments had persuaded the international community to establish a working group of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights.
Chen and his wife were reportedly beaten shortly after a human rights group released a video of their home under intense police surveillance in February 2011.
However, criminal elements of smuggling may reach beyond the sphere of human smuggling.
Our Living Concern: Underlying human experience are mindmakers.
During a blood meal, an infected fly (genus Chrysops, day-biting flies) introduces third-stage filarial larvae onto the skin of the human host, where they penetrate into the bite wound.
Post mortem neuropathological examination of brain tissue from an animal or human has remained the ‘gold standard’ of TSE diagnosis and is very specific, but not as sensitive as other techniques.
The horse had a minor collision with a person in 2000, and afterwards had human spotters running in front to clear a path.
The blood type of a human is determined by a gene that creates an A, B, AB, or O blood type and is located in the long arm of chromosome nine.
He cited that an evaluation of the Cartesian writings on human psychology there is a grouping of not two but three notions - mind, body, sensation, hence the term trialism.
Aside from the human cost, the outbreak was severely eroding the economy.
A few species cause human and animal disease.
Even though Young "unashamedly admitted to anti-black prejudices" and failed to believe in the "social equality of the Negro," Young offered a scientific criticism suggesting there was only one human species regardless of skin color, citing Carl Linnaeus, George S. Blackie and Louis Agassiz.
Some years later, when Mowgli has been rejected by human society and the pack is threatened with extinction by a rampaging pack of dholes, Akela joins the battle and fights to the death, finally dying in Mowgli's company ("Red Dog", in The Second Jungle Book).
The novel tells the story of a physics professor in 1980 who begins to doubt that he is a human being.
During the later stages of Barnes' legal appeals, human rights groups and anti-death penalty advocates raised questions about Barnes' murder conviction, leading to international media attention and diplomatic protests from the government of France.
Exasperatingly, the loveliness of natural scenery and of acts of human decency almost mock the workers’ frailty and hardship.
Fostemsavir is a human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) gp120-directed attachment inhibitor.
If you think you have an explanation for why most of the human genome has a function then you should explain how that accounts for the genomes of onions.
In this index, betterment of physical quality of life of human beings is considered economic development.
This may be achieved if all human beings consider themselves as members of an organic whole.
By itself the principle of legality is not enough to alone preserve human rights in the face of ever more intrusive statutory powers of surveillance by corporations or government.
To convey the cultural origins of the various fictional human civilizations living on different planets after their displacement from Earth, the costume designers combined elements of their respective Earth cultures with modern fabrics, elaborate trims and chains to produce a historically rooted yet otherworldly appearance.
He is also involved in the Human Rights Campaign, an advocacy group promoting civil rights for LGBTQ persons.
Here are some GeneRIFs taken from Entrez Gene for GeneID 7157, the human gene TP53.
 Ayreon: Åkerfeldt sings the parts of "Fear" in The Human Equation, the 2004 release.
Although major polio epidemics were unknown before the 20th century, the disease has caused paralysis and death for much of human history.
In a 1925 speech in the USA, he said:"Don't waste time in America; help human beings dying without a doctor, without medicine.
It uses the American colorimetric approach with a panel of human subjects instead of requiring spectrophotometry.
The human NOBOX is a 14 kb protein and encoded by 8 exons.
His journey takes him to China where he meets a young woman named Jinan, who is something more than human, and the two of them travel to Tibet in search of answers.
The following is a partial list of genes on human chromosome 19.
The Theory of Deadly Initials was an hypothesis published in the Journal of Psychosomatic Research in 1999, which proposed that there is a link between the lifespan of human males and their initials.
In the book, Tridon proclaimed the superiority of 'Indo-Aryan' over 'Semitic' culture and traced Judaism back to the ancient worship of the god Moloch, who, he claims, demanded human sacrifice.
Although a human interest work, it includes many excerpts from the diving logs of his original diving teams from Project Solent Ships and MRSB0551: hence the "We" in the book title.
Sompolinsky’s research includes spike-based neural learning and computation, neuronal population codes, sensory representations, dynamics and function of sensory and motor cortical circuits, and large-scale structure and dynamics of human brain.
“Can You Stand the Rain" was sampled by K. Michelle for her single, The Rain for her album All Monsters Are Human
The foundation is dedicated to furthering Rolf's vision of design as a way of being in the world for the betterment of human society and mind.
A 2008 inquiry by the National Commission on Human Rights reported that 130 were killed, 50 were detained and tortured, and 77 were evicted.
Most of the human body's total creatine and phosphocreatine stores are found in skeletal muscle (95%), while the remainder is distributed in the blood, brain, testes, and other tissues.
Although there was believed to have been anywhere from 20,000 to 60,000 years of post-glacial time in which such immigration could have occurred over the Bering land bridge, the antiquity of human presence in the western hemisphere was popularly fixed at about 5,000 BP ("before present", or 3000 BC).
In the 11 June 2020 judgement, the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) found that BDS (Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions) activists in the Baldassi case rightful.
It was founded by the International Public Management Association for Human Resources, and is published by Sage Publications.
It also has the greatest Human Development Index in Venezuela, according to the Venezuelan National Institute of Statistics (Instituto Nacional de Estadistica, Caracas).
The Korean Gay Men's Human Rights Group Chingusai conducted a social needs survey in 2014 that found that of the LGBTQI youth (aged 18 or below), 45.7% had attempted suicide, and 53.3% attempted self-harmed.
Automatic control means are any form of suppression that requires no human intervention these can include a fire sprinkler system, a gaseous clean agent, or Automatic foam suppression system.
On 5 June, the All Island Canteen Owners' Association Chairman (AICOA) complained that Bathiudeen abused the Consumer Affairs Authority (CAA) to mistreat Sinhalese businessmen and also distributing food commodities unfit for human consumption through Lanka Sathosa.
Chibesakunda was appointed Chairperson of the Human Rights Commission of Zambia in 1997.
However, his initial reprogramming of Wolverine lasted several years, despite Wolverine overcoming the reprogramming much faster than an ordinary human because of his healing factor.
In his final book Den hemlige Frälsaren, Runeberg comes up with the argument that as God in human shape would be "made totally man, but man to the point of iniquity", committing a sin would also not be beyond Him.
A possibly infested Leeran states to Visser One that Marco (still in gorilla morph) is human.
 Human Well-being — "To promote physical and mental well-being through the enjoyment and understanding of the landscape of the area"  
 1995 Bruno-Kreisky-Award for merits on Human Rights
A study in Germany sequenced FOXP2's complementary DNA in chimps and other species to compare it with human complementary DNA in order to find the specific changes in the sequence.
The society condemned the use of force in resisting evil, in war, for the death penalty, or in self-defense, renounced allegiance to human government, and called for the immediate abolition of slavery without compensation.
In 1998, Golinger returned to New York with the band's guitarist as her husband and completed her Juris Doctorate (JD) in international human rights law in 2003 at City University of New York School of Law.
His work reflects an interest in the human being, in investigating and exploring the world in which he lives, a constant search to learn and to obtain new knowledge and new values that will help to defend himself against the present isolation of society today.”
Human acetyl-CoA carboxylase has recently become a target in the design of new anti-obesity drugs.
His drawing shows a perfect acquaintance with the human figure, and is very correct.
The horse genome is larger than the dog genome, but smaller than the human genome or the bovine genome.
Death in Love is a 2008 psychosexual erotic thriller about a love affair between a Jewish woman and a doctor overseeing human experimentation at a Nazi German concentration camp, and the impact this has on her sons' lives in the 1990s.
Ibn 'Arabi's story of Prophet Khalid is a story of Perfect Human being.
The Human Rights Campaign called WCF "one of the most influential groups in America promoting and coordinating the exportation of anti-LGBT bigotry, ideology, and legislation abroad" and stated that their international conferences comprise "the most fringe activists engaged in anti-LGBT extremism".
Although street children may occasionally prostitute themselves, child prostitutes and victims of human trafficking are not generally considered street children.
The Guidelines were formed under the context of reforming criminal law in Germany and in partial response to public criticism of human experimentation.
The investigation of the periods preceding Monte Albán's founding was a major focus in the late 1960s of the Prehistory and Human Ecology Project started by Kent Flannery of the University of Michigan.
As of December the European Court of Human Rights had not ruled on a 2003 complaint by the Jehovah's Witnesses challenging the legality of the requirement that a group must exist for 10 years in the country before it can be recognized by the government.
Despite the fact that when incarcerated they are classified as "political prisoners" by the protesters, and some left wing politicians such as Camila Vallejo, Tomás Hirsch and Claudia Mix, both the Government of Chile and Human Rights Watch Director José Miguel Vivanco, dismissed these accusations, the latter asserting in December 2020 that "there are no political prisoners in Chile".
Loki rescued Yamino from the bottom of the sea by casting a spell on him (thus giving him a human form) so that he could accompany his father on Earth; for this, he is eternally grateful.
A former managing consultant with the Leading Edge Academy (one of the foremost and fastest growing multidisciplinary in human capital development system, leadership education and public policy centre).
Kim Bok-dong (19 April 1926 – 28 January 2019) was a Korean women who became a human rights activist that campaigned against sexual slavery and war rape.
Based on several media reports that appeared on June 7, reliever Jason Grimsley admitted to taking illegal performance-enhancing drugs, specifically human growth hormone, as part of the IRS probe of BALCO, best known for similar allegations concerning San Francisco Giants star Barry Bonds.
The practices of a religion may include rituals, sermons, commemoration or veneration of a deity (god or goddess), sacrifices, festivals, feasts, trances, initiations, funerary services, matrimonial services, meditation, prayer, religious music, religious art, sacred dance, public service, or other aspects of human culture.
Sylvia Rosila Tamale is a Ugandan academic, and human rights activist in Uganda.
Influenced by Marxist views of history, Childe argued that the usual distinction between (pre-literate) prehistory and (literate) history was a false dichotomy and human society has progressed through a series of technological, economic, and social revolutions.
It required owners to instruct slaves in the Catholic faith, implying that Africans were human beings endowed with a soul, an idea that had not been acknowledged until then.
Maris is a Thanatosian, and Thanatosians have six times the strength of a normal human being.
P1PK (formerly: P) is a human blood group system (International Society of Blood Transfusion system 003) based upon the A4GALT gene on chromosome 22.
When news got out that a "white mutant" was attacking blacks, it nearly sparked a race riot, but once Cage defeated the creature, it reverted to human form, revealing that he was a black man himself.
Following graduation, Martin worked first as director of the Human Rights Office for the Archdiocese of St. Louis.
They have implored the Japanese government to make it illegal in order to protect human rights.
Services Australia (previously the Department of Human Services) is the statutory agency responsible for operating the Medicare scheme.
Green is revealed to be a member of the Slitheen, a family of aliens that uses a device to compress their bodies into large human "suits" resulting in frequent releases of flatulence.
In 2018, İmret testified as an expert witness at the Permanent Peoples' Tribunal in Paris on human rights violations and war crimes in Cizre.
It is not harmful to man and its flesh is marketed for human consumption.
Each took only a portion of the scalp, but the exhibition of human depravity was nauseating.
A large percentage of human male infertility is estimated to be caused by mutations in genes involved in primary or secondary spermatogenesis and sperm quality and function.
The Constellation Program was NASA's planned future human spaceflight program between 2005 and 2009, which aimed to develop a new crewed spacecraft (Orion) and a pair of launchers (Ares I and Ares V) to continue servicing the International Space Station and return to the Moon.
Bovidae horns are made of a layer of keratin (the same material as human toenails and fingernails) around a core of bone, with a layer of cartilage in between, which can be removed to leave the hollow keratin horn.
Intellect and fire constitute the angels, epithymia (bodily desires) and earth constitute human beings, and thymos (emotions) and air constitute the demons.
Prior to writing new material, the band made a rule that during the tour for Human Clay that no new songs could be composed.
The choice to make your protagonist a photo-real CGI creation interacting with actual human characters is mighty ambitious, and I can say with certainty this doesn't look like anything Robert Rodriguez has done before.
Human fascination with the chicken and its egg are so deeply rooted in history that it is hard to say exactly when avian exploration began.
Human updates are expected to occur roughly every 6 months and mouse releases yearly.
The first Protection Desk opened in Nepal in 2006 and worked with "NGO's working in conflict regions with ethnic minorities, victims and community committees and on security-sensitivie topics like human trafficking".
Nearly Human is a 1989 album by the rock musician Todd Rundgren, released by Warner Bros. Records.
She originally had a human appearance and a long red dress.
This goes in hand with the Communication Accommodation Theory, which "elaborates the human tendency to adjust their behaviour while interacting."
The term "self-organization" is more often used for physical changes and biological processes, while "spontaneous order" is typically used to describe the emergence of various kinds of social orders in human social networks from the behavior of a combination of self-interested individuals who are not intentionally trying to create order through planning.
 Human Nature in American Thought: A History (1980)
Since 2018, she has been working for the human rights organization Minority Rights Group International.
Sheila is to become a human sacrifice, Nayland Smith is to be lowered into a crocodile pit, and Von Berg placed between two sets of metal spikes inching toward each other.
Some of the Human vehicles seem advanced for the game's time setting (1898), such as submarines, blimps, and tank drills.
In the game Deus Ex: Human Revolution, the player can refuse to end a severely injured man's life, which prompts the man to sarcastically ask if the (cybernetically augmented) player character was programmed to follow Asimov's First Law.
An account of the trials of human leopards before the Special Commission Court.
The examination commission, highly appreciating the researcher's contribution, recommended him to undertake further research to allow the writing of an extensive paper that would provide a wide range of data on the evolution of human life in the Carpatho–Danubian–Pontic territory in ancient times.
The armed ground robots were not autonomous and always had a human controller.
It contains the remains of undetermined victims based on human bones found at the site by spelunkers.
In the hamlet "Le Maine" in particular, prehistoric tools and weapons have been discovered, including a ceremonial anthropoid dagger (the top of the handle is shaped like a human body) dating back to 150 BC.
A fine young man appears before her and reveals he was the snail, now transformed into human.
His first non-fiction bestseller was Anticipations of the Reaction of Mechanical and Scientific Progress upon Human Life and Thought (1901).
 Does it have the shape or properties of a human?
In 2015, Gaiman delivered a 100-minute lecture for the Long Now Foundation entitled How Stories Last about the nature of storytelling and how stories persist in human culture.
The second was that regulation was unacceptable even it were effective in terms of administration and health because it violated human liberty.
Islam teaches that God created the universe, including Earth's physical environment and human beings.
Tsyrlov and Andrey Pokrovsky discovered TCDD ability to increase HIV-1 reverse transcriptase activity, HIV-1 p24 antigen, and augment HIV-1-LTR CAT construct in HIV-1-infected CD4+ cells, all mediated via the AhR/(bHLH)/Per-Arnt-Sim transcriptional pathway, which thereafter has been shown to involve in trans-activation of some human herpesviruses.
Moreover, the CAP pledged that "no person – regardless of ethnicity, gender, geography, disability, race or other status – is denied universal human rights and basic economic opportunities".
David Brown: A member of the gang who wears a necklace of human ears.
During the 1980s, the University of Michigan administration finally agreed to allow identity terms in the office name and the Office of Human Sexuality became the University of Michigan "Lesbian & Gay Male Programs Office".
Filming throughout a three-year span, he concentrated on the human aspects of a highly technological achievement, focusing on the individuals who designed, built, flew and ultimately sold the Challenger to a global market.
The trailer opens with a scene portraying the reportedly increasing persecution of Copts and poor human rights in Egypt around the time of the film's production, with increases in church burnings, religious intolerance and sectarian violence against the 10% population of Egypt that are Copts, as well as complaints that authorities have failed to protect this population.
Ileibacterium massiliense  is a bacterium from the genus of Ileibacterium which has been isolated from the ileum of a human.
After WRAC had successfully established itself as a feminist group in the Iowa City community, it began to reach out to other oppressed groups, diversifying their human rights values to expand to groups including "people of color, people with disabilities, the elderly, and lesbians and gays."
They are only half-warlock; their mother, Coco Lopez, is human.
The field of ergonomics recognizes that only in recent history is a large proportion of the human population sitting for long periods with little movement.
Typical human eye movements lag head movements by less than 10 ms.
Elie Maynard Adams (December 29, 1919 – November 17, 2003) was an American philosopher of value and meaning devoted to understanding and criticizing the philosophical foundations of modern Western culture and developing an intellectual vision that makes sense of the human condition.
It was relocated by Parks and Wildlife staff to West Island so that the animal could moult away from human disturbance.
It shows an unusually wide range of habitats, and some species can be human and animal pathogens.
Repp added, "If our music is to praise God, it can only do so by helping to change us and our communities into more sensitive, loving, and just human beings."
Evolutionary biologists have theorized how, with fire being an exclusively human tool, relaxed selective constraint has been found in chimpanzees as well.
The committee probed the Philippine delegation on issues, such as the issue of extrajudicial killings, labor, and human trafficking.
He is interested in refugee law and human rights issues, and besides being a member of the International Association of Refugee Law Judges, has presented papers on the subject.
Kenexa, a global human resources company, bought the OTCI instrument from CAPT.
Much of Shields' academic work focuses on the concept of social susceptibility or why human bodies have evolved to be susceptible to social manipulation.
The 68000 provides three interrupt inputs, which in the Macintosh 128K/512K were connected to the 6522, the 8530, and a human input designed for programmers, in order of increasing priority.
In May 2009, noting that President Barack Obama "has taken steps on multiple fronts to undermine the protection of innocent human life", Johnston said the decision of the University of Notre Dame to have Obama deliver the commencement speech at its graduation ceremony and receive an honorary degree was "saddening and bewildering."
Phagocytosis of bacteria by human neutrophils takes on average nine minutes.
OMG is a membrane glycoprotein that is expressed in the human central nervous system during myelination of nerve cells.
With human civilization being rebuilt and thriving, Jonnie and Chrissie take their children and leave for an isolated part of the world to train them in the old ways of survival, and to live out the rest of their lives in peace.
It then became the first release by the band under their new label EastWest, who had signed the Human League after their dismissal by Virgin in 1992.
and of the Center of Excellence in Genomic Science (CEGS) at Harvard, funded by a P50-type award from the National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI), a part of the National Institutes of Health.
The union added: "The league stated that at each presentation, they will distribute information on suggested local (team city/state specific) resources for domestic violence and sexual assault prevention specialists, licensed club mental health clinicians, club human resource directors and director of Player Engagement.
Human Rights Watch said that "Israeli and Palestinian forces alike need to make all feasible efforts to avoid harming civilians,” and "there is no justification for Palestinian armed groups unlawfully launching rockets at Israeli population centers.” It accused Israel of using disproportionate force in its attacks and of firing at rescuers of victims of Israeli shelling.
 Human capital flight (brain drain)
Human genome contains 8 genes that share the structure and function with bovine pancreatic ribonuclease, with 5 additional pseudo-genes.
All of the human remains excavated from burial sites in 1935 and 1965 have been repatriated.
 Vietnam Private Universities Association-Institute of Research and Human Resources Development
The U.S. Department of State mentioned Capriles' case in its 2008 Human Rights report as a denial of a fair public trial.
 Human Rights Defender Award presented by Amnesty International, 2007
The New York Times Book Review said "No other reporter has told the story as comprehensively or explored its implications for human welfare as searchingly as Gelbspan" (quoted on cover of paperback edition of The Heat Is On).
Educator Susan Bass takes the camera inside her classroom at Grand View Alternative School, which includes both human and canine students.
The Doctor has now officially created a functional immortal out of a normal human, and given how he's held up with such a life span, it looks like things are about to get scary."
Some human parasites, e.g.
However, we have yet to harness our immense human potential into constructive engagement in American civil society."
Finds inventoried by Jones include ceramic loom weights, miniature vases, and the clay human and animal figurines that are ubiquitous among peak sanctuaries.
She found that a patriarchal ethics "naturalizes and normalizes violence...and perpetuates human exceptionalism that permits the oppression of other beings".
Human Conscience - God has instilled the innate ability in all persons to discern the difference between right and wrong, to choose and act on that discernment and judgment according to free will and conscience, and to experience guilt when the act or choice is wrong.
In 1964, Terasaki developed the microcytotoxicity test, a tissue-typing test for organ transplant donors and recipients that required only 1 microliter each of antisera used to identify human leukocyte antigens (HLA).
 Human Resources and Legal Defence Area
She argues that considering moral philosophy is engaged with human goodness, then care would appear to assume a significant role in this type of philosophy.
During the Jupiter round, human beings will undergo the soul man stage.
Intentional killing of a totem animal can also cause the spirit of the animal to jump into the human being.
Brower has served also as a judge ad hoc of other international judicial panels, such as the Inter-American Court of Human Rights; as a member of the Register of Experts of the United Nations Compensation Commission in Geneva (UNCC); and as a member of the Panel of Arbitrators of the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID).
He has lectured for YouTube videos and indoor classes on a wide range of issues including women's rights, human rights, contemporary issues and Islamic solutions, Usul al fiqh and Islamic economics.
Bowden is credited with pioneering nonverbal analysis of human behavior where it pertains to influence and/or persuasion.
For years, Native American communities decried the removal of ancestral human remains and cultural and religious objects, charging that such activities are acts of genocide, religious persecution, and discrimination.
Section 3 lists the main human rights the enjoyment of which is covered by the obligation of tolerance.
Savicheva's image and the pages from her diary became symbolic of the human cost of the siege of Leningrad, and she is remembered in St. Petersburg with a memorial complex on the Green Belt of Glory along the Road of Life.
After the Press Complaints Commission rejected their complaint because the criticism had been of a group rather than an individual, the Federation of Poles in Great Britain (FPGB) lodged a complaint with the European Court of Human Rights.
He created and managed an independent newspapers: “Le Temps”, in which there was a weekly column for democracy and human rights.
The contemporary argument as to the relationship of human rights to positive law is a modern extension of this.
In 1998 some biological weapon experts considered such a "genetic weapon" plausible, and believed the former Soviet Union had undertaken some research on the influence of various substances on human genes.
UT has human resource and equipment in desktop publishing that can provide services in preparing printed materials.
The use of Salwa Judum by the government for anti-Naxal operations was criticised for its violations of human rights and poorly trained youth for counter-insurgency roles.
The Holocaust Museum of Greece (), officially the Holocaust Memorial Museum & Educational Center of Greece on Human Rights, is an under-construction museum on The Holocaust in Thessaloniki, Greece.
United Nations Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial killings Prof Philip Alston has urged the Kenyan Government to establish independent investigations into the killing of the two prominent human rights activists.
In later depictions of human cultural ceremonies, lions were often used symbolically and may have played significant roles in magic, as deities or close association with deities, and served as intermediaries and clan identities.
A Phthalate referred to as diethyl phthalate (DEP) enters the aquatic environment through industries that manufacture cosmetics, plastics and many commercial products that pose hazards to aquatic organisms and human health.
Many of Chile's distinctive animal species have been decimated as they have been pushed farther and farther into the remaining wilderness areas by human occupation of the land.
She often examines the duality of human nature in familial and work spaces.
During the Middle Ages, human poisoning due to the consumption of rye bread made from ergot-infected grain was common in Europe.
In their opposition of the repatriation plans, key Democrats as well as Republicans also challenged the Clinton administration's position that the Laotian government was not systematically violating Hmong human rights.
Some Muslim scholars claim that early Muslims accepted Islam on the basis of evaluating the Qur'an as a text that surpasses all human production.
Mycroft has a unique civil service position as a kind of human database for all aspects of government policy.
 human rights, civil rights and civil liberties.
Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International made statements which were rebuked by the Egyptian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Develop human resource (HR) concepts, doctrine, training and organizational designs to support an expeditionary Army in war and in peace.
The official live broadcast date with presenters was 21 March 2016 at 12H00, which coincides with Human Rights in South Africa.
Two Calavera children must look after a human infant after crossing through an eternal mirror, absorbing energy of a portal that separates the worlds between life and death.
Venter (and Smith)'s previous company, Celera Genomics, was a driving force in the race to sequence the human genome.
Lyon’s dissertation focused on the historical sociology of belief-change in Victorian England and his early work explored the mutual relations of Christian social thought and the social sciences in works such as Karl Marx: A Christian Appreciation of his Life and Thought (1979) and Sociology and the Human Image (1983).
Human exposure to dieldrin primarily derives from food.
Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which was drafted and adopted by the Council of Europe in 1950 and currently covers the whole European continent except for Belarus and Kosovo, protects the right to respect for private life: "Everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life, his home and his correspondence."
The lowered survival rate of the loon's offspring when a parent is captured or the nest is visited indicates that the population could face severe consequences from encroaching human contact.
Microscopy – creating images of objects or features too small to be detectable by the naked human eye.
Bush and his Secretary of Health and Human Services Louis Sullivan to the National Advisory Committee on Rural Health, and was summoned to the White House to meet with the president in 1992 as a representative of New York State in discussions concerning the proposed Balanced Budget Amendment.
Jennifer S. Martínez (born November 5, 1971) is a human rights lawyer, a professor of law, and current Dean of Stanford Law School.
Zarrko then sent three devices to the Present to de-evolve that era to pre-industrial times, except for an area containing an American missile base, from which he planned to steal nuclear weapons and rule the 23rd Century, but this was stopped by Spider-Man and the Human Torch.
Sector I, from the Shang Dynasty, is smaller in size and contains remnants of human and dog sacrifice.
Historically many of the systems of measurement which had been in use were to some extent based on the dimensions of the human body.
As a consequence of this evidence, DES is considered an established human carcinogen.
These primary vessels are connected to numerous channels inside the human body, which pervade the whole body, and nourish it.
The stated mission of Endeavorist is "to democratize the pursuit of knowledge and drive scientific endeavor through human curiosity."
As the omnic learned from its battles with the South Korean military, it disrupted the mechs' drone-control abilities, forcing the army to turn to human pilots.
These are more often the result of human error, rather than intentional manipulation.
Currently, the inhabitants of high wealth, "developed" nations consume resources at a rate almost 32 times greater than those of the developing world, who make up the majority of the human population (7.9 billion people).
During the tour, on April 25, Human Tornado tore his ACL and dislocated his kneecap.
Ever since she left working for the government of Afghanistan in 2006, she has been engaged in human rights, civil society, social, and political activism.
According to Human Rights Watch, credible sources identify General Samora as a member of the leadership group which met in Jijiga following the attack on oilmen at Abole on 24 April 2007, to determine an appropriate response to this raid.
Their story lines on the album which discuss politics, human rights and wayward youth of today, are topics which most of their fans relate to.
 "Depopulation of the Human Race" – 0:47
Human Torres is characterized as weaker and more timid than her Klingon counterpart, and is deemed too ill to work in the mines.
Jaroslavas Melnikas questions with great accuracy the taboos that limit human freedom (Lire)
Slawkenbergius is primarily known for his scholarly writings in Neo-Latin, particularly his lengthy monograph De Nasis ("On Noses"), purporting to explain different types of noses and their corresponding significance to human character.
In October 2010, Sørnes was called in to investigate when startled construction workers in Åsnes uncovered centuries-old human remains at their building site.
"Labor Group to Celebrate World Human Rights Day."
Here a work by sculptor Barbara Hepworth Carved Reclining Form or Rosewall was prominently displayed for many years and nicknamed Isaiah by local critics, as it resembled a crude human face with one eye higher than the other ("eye's 'igher").
As human rights activist he was active following the Pinochet-coup in Chile on 11 September 1973.
She has also undertook activist work in the field of human rights, focusing, in particular, on reducing violence against women.
The magazine was first formed in 1986 by Ramses H. Ayana as a quarterly publication covering human rights, the environment, alternative health, women's rights, New Age, Free Energy, alternative science and the paranormal.
Whether it's unchecked, destructive corporate greed (Executive) or personal weakness setting the stage for blackmail by a foreign interest (The Backup Asset), Wolfe surprises with remarkable understanding and portraying of human frailty, strife, and growth.
She had a modest acting career, appearing in Alfred Hitchcock Presents as a secretary, RoboCop: The Series as television news anchor Rocky Crenshaw, as "Benita" in a stage play version of Brad Fraser's Unidentified Human Remains and the True Nature of Love, as a madam in Replikator and as Vicky in Jigsaw.
This fact seems to be part of the "plan" of the Cylons who want to repopulate the human colonies with a new generation of hybrid beings.
According to legend, the Minyades or  (), the daughters of king Minyas of Orchomenus, who had despised the Dionysian rites, were seized with a desire to eat human flesh of one of their children.
The neutral body posture (NBP) is the posture the human body naturally assumes in microgravity.
Although human, she has been raised by the robots and androids guarding the black hole complex – the Mekaniks – and considers herself to be a robot, and Hammerstein to be her true love.
Since 2006, the United Nations Human Rights Committee report has cited the United States for denying D.C. residents voting rights in alleged violation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, a treaty the United States ratified in 1992.
 Two awards from Georgia Conference on Social Work for stories contributing to human welfare
It also has a human figure holding grapes and a partridge in his hand.
After leaving politics she served as the Age Discrimination Commissioner from 2011 to 2016, within the Australian Human Rights Commission.
Afterward, Luthor reveals to Superboy that he was the donor for the human half of Superboy's DNA.
As part of their diploma programme, students may also choose to write their Extended Essay on Human Rights.
As part of a 2017 restoration, the museum found human remains in the diorama.
Municipal Human Development Index: 0.658 (2000)
Clardy serves on the House committees on Human Services and Homeland Security and Public Safety.
The principle is based on a respect for the norms and principles of international law, especially the underlying principles of law relating to sovereignty, peace and security, human rights, and armed conflict.
In another responsum he debated whether a Jewish sculptor was permitted by his religion to carve human figures.
The development team wanted a diverse cast to reflect the various eras visited by the player; while working on the in-battle actions of the game, they decided to include a playable character that was neither human nor robot.
Through all the characters and all the action, Anderson's screenplay centers on the human qualities of the players ...
He was the coordinator for the establishment of the Centre for Plant Molecular Biology at South Campus and chaired two task forces namely Task Force on Human Resource Development of the Department of Biotechnology (2003–06) and the Program Advisory Committee for Pant Sciences of the Department of Science and Technology (2007–15).
Two theories exist for the human evolution throughout the world.
He composed the soundtrack for the documentary short Veiled Ambition by Melbourne filmmaker Celeste Geer, which received the Palace Films Award for a short film promoting Human Rights at the 2006 Melbourne International Film Festival.
She is Lucifer in human form, despite being female, and is attracted to Cecil.
For relative to human physiology, focusing on a bright spot of light such as a pinpoint image of the Sun for any extended period or repetitively over a short duration of time adversely effects momentarily, a person's visual acuity, thus making it more challenging to focus one's eyes to read the angular scale.
Colombia: Top Brass Linked to Extrajudicial Executions, Human Rights Watch report, June 2015
Natural silicate compounds were also used in various types of mortar for construction of early human dwellings.
Amal al-Moallimi was one of the members of the Saudi HRC who visited Loujain al-Hathloul, a prominent Saudi Arabian woman human rights activist in prison, on 26 November 2020.
It is a youth-led organisation that has been at the forefront of combating human trafficking and other related matters.
Johnson wanted to "animalize" Connery's voice by giving it "deep resounding rumbles, and make the vocabulary such that it didn't sound quite human."
Unlike traditional zombies from similar franchises, the zombies in this film have retained certain human traits, being able to fight back, and use weapons.
In 2011, Latvia condemned the conviction of opposition leader Ales Bialiatski, calling on Belarus to ensure the observance of human rights and the holding of democratic elections, as well as to release political prisoners.
Of the other large animals, only the spotted hyena, Nile crocodile, hippopotamus, and lechwe are found in numbers outside parks, the former from its success as a scavenger, the latter three since their aquatic habit has less overlap with human activities.
Tom Price, former United States Secretary of Health and Human Services and former U.S. Representative for Georgia's 6th congressional district
"The State has the twofold responsibility about crime and punishment: to discourage behavior that is harmful to human rights and the fundamental norms of civil life, and to repair, through the penal system, the disorder created by criminal activity.
His research focuses on developing treatments for infections caused by human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis B (HBV), hepatitis C (HCV), herpes, dengue fever, zika, chikungunya, and other emerging viruses.
Lyja seemingly sacrifices her life to protect the Human Torch and the Thing finally defeats Paibok.
In a New York Times book review, novelist Reynolds Price described the novel as a "nearly flawless novel about human life.
Tiān (天), a key concept in Chinese thought, refers to the God of Heaven, the northern culmen of the skies and its spinning stars, earthly nature and its laws which come from Heaven, to "Heaven and Earth" (that is, "all things"), and to the awe-inspiring forces beyond human control.
Despite their proximity and importance to human populations, the mountain and valley glaciers of tropical and mid-latitude glaciers amount to only a small fraction of glacial ice on the Earth.
While in human shape, the malevolence of those spirits is often masked by beauty and youth.
Such perturbations and disturbances can include stochastic events such as fires, flooding, windstorms, insect population explosions, and human activities such as deforestation, fracking of the ground for oil extraction,  pesticide sprayed in soil, and the introduction of exotic plant or animal species.
Pheasants are well adapted to the British climate and breed naturally in the wild without human supervision in copses, heaths and commons.
The substantial proportion of this lack of response to treatment is proposed to be caused by a single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) on chromosome 19 of the human genome that is predictive of treatment success.
Eve, portrayed by Inbar Lavi, is the world's first female human, Cain's mother and former lover of Lucifer who appears in season 4.
It was endemic to New Caledonia and probably became extinct due to hunting, habitat loss and the presence of invasive species following human settlement of the island.
Amnesty International also supports the implementation of the New Zealand Government's Action Plan for Human Rights.
Buffy realizes that the overcrowded holding cells at the Initiative are a form of Trojan horse warfare; Adam will release the demons and the resulting battle will leave many demon and human body parts.
After considerable military protest and insubordination in response to the sentences against violations of the human rights it was built within a military terrain but it is administered by gendarmería as other prisons.
Esteban Corazón de Ablo was a powerful alchemist in 9th century Saragossa, who sold his soul to the demon Mephisto to lengthen his life far beyond a human span.
In 1936, during gravel excavations for a highway, the partial skeleton of a neolithic human male were discovered and named "Bradwell Man".
1874 was considered the end of 6,000 years of human history and the beginning of judgment by Christ.
Oolong tea was practically synonymous with Taiwanese tea in the late 19th century, and competitors in Ceylon sought a US market advantage by publishing materials emphasizing the use of human foot trampling during its production.
There are six realms of life in Buddhist cosmology: Hell realm (Naraka), hungry ghost (Preta) realm, animal realm (Tiracchānayoni), human realm (Manussa), demi-god realm (Asura), and god realm (Deva).
For decades, phenomenological & biophysical (computational) models have been developed to simulate characteristics of the human auditory system.
Lathyrus sativus, also known as grass pea, cicerchia, blue sweet pea, chickling pea, chickling vetch, Indian pea, white pea and white vetch, is a legume (family Fabaceae) commonly grown for human consumption and livestock feed in Asia and East Africa.
In 2002 CRLA was awarded the Domestic Human Rights Award by Global Exchange, and international NGO based in San Francisco.
 Dallas Morse Coors (1940) – founder of the Dallas Morse Coors Foundation for the arts; involved with the founding of the Human Rights Campaign; cousin of Adolph III and Joseph Coors; husband of Sergei Rachmaninoff's granddaughter
With her expressive representations of the human figure, Yiadom-Boakye examines the formal mechanisms of the medium of painting and reveals political and psychological dimensions in her works, which focus on imaginary characters who exist beyond our world in a different time and in an unknown location.
Research in Human Development, 5(3).
In addition, some officials claim that "an information war on Uzbekistan has been declared" and the human rights violations in Andijan are invented by the enemies of Uzbekistan as a convenient pretext for intervention into the country's internal affairs.
For this reason, he sees any effort to extend human lifespans—the very work that Stoyte had hired Dr. Obispo and Pete to do, as nothing but "a couple of extra lifetimes of potential evil."
The Museum is intended to encompass seven permanent galleries that celebrate and encourage the human tendency to always ask, "What if?"
Ten years after the 1972 United Nations Conference on the Human Environment, a number of global environmental challenges had not been adequately addressed.
She resurrects Hiro on a whim after he died saving her when she moved to Sasanaki Village out of fascination towards the human.
The first step in this process is an independent review of the player's bowling action which is carried out by a member of the ICC panel of human movement specialists, who will furnish the ICC with their report.
He encountered Medusa and Gorgon, and fought the Thing and Human Torch.
In August 2003, she was appointed to the Executive Council of Nova Scotia as Minister of Human Resources, Minister responsible for the Public Service Commission, and Minister responsible for the Advisory Council on the Status of Women Act.
The fiction emphasizes the examination of the human temptation to find patterns in meaningless data sources.
Some notable organizations and events he was a part of were Andhra Pradesh Civil Liberties Committee (APCLC), Human Rights Forum (HRF), Center for World Solidarity (CWS), World Social Forum and Telangana Vidyavanthula Vedika (TVV).
Upon touching Aoi's notebook, the Task Force meets and questions its original owner - a Shinigami named Beppo - who reveals that there are six Death Notes currently in the human world; this is the maximum number that can exist there at any one time.
Samples was collected from every human organ, as well as over 200 cancer lines, 30 time courses of cellular differentiation, mouse development time courses, and over 200 primary cell types.
They prefer forest with dense understory cover and steep slope, and they strongly avoid forest areas with high human influence in the forms of encroachment and settlement.
2018  stated: Compulsory human sterilization laws originated in America during the last half of the 19th century, driven primarily by politically active physicians interested in shaping the population to exclude undesirable demographics—such as criminals, the mentally ill, epileptics, and gays and lesbians—in a movement called eugenics.Forced sterilization was a large part of the eugenics movement.
Carlos Zerpa and Miguel von Dangel chose as their referent the period of the discovery of the new world and just prior, through a mythology of its human and animal inhabitants primarily located in the Caribbean and the area now occupied by Venezuela.
These sounds, created by elephants, are below 20 Hz, and therefore too low for the human ear to detect on its own, and their existence was unknown until shortly before the album was created.
NRC houses fourteen research laboratories and four central facilities, including the Human Brain Museum, the only one of its kind in India.
Friday Fright Nights screenings have included The Human Centipede III (Final Sequence) with star Laurence R. Harvey in person The Green Inferno, The Pack, Cat Sick Blues, I Am Not a Serial Killer (with Skype Q+A with director Billy O’Brien), Aaaaaaaah!
Following "Drowning Logan", Beast reveals that an "intelligent virus" originating from the Microverse has shut off his healing factor, though not before it purged his body of the virus, leaving him as susceptible to injury, disease, and aging as any ordinary human.
Historically, human habitation has been associated with extinctions.
Cohen worked to see that human services programs were adequately funded in a period of budget cutting.
Members of the Human Rights Commission, the Constituency Boundaries Commission, the Electoral Commission, the Parliamentary Emoluments Commission, the Commission on the Prerogative of Mercy, the Constitutional Offices Commission, and the Disciplined Services Commission are appointed for 2-year terms; they may be reappointed for one further 2-year term, but are not eligible for further reappointment.
On 23 August 1989, the Baltic Way, a two-million-strong human chain, stretched for 600 km from Tallinn to Vilnius.
On 14 October 2021, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) adopted a positive opinion, recommending the granting of a marketing authorization for the medicinal product Aspaveli, intended for the treatment of adults with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria.
 The bacteriophage do not attack animal or human cells, only E. coli bacteria.
In this book, Matlock gives the following definition for wisdom: "the human capacity to understand life from God's perspective"; in the book Lost in Transition: Becoming Spiritually Prepared for College, Tommy McGregor praised Matlock's definition for recognizing that "true wisdom comes from God."
A typical ad depicted a sort of humorous verbal sparring match between a container of Parkay repeatedly saying "Butter" and a human actor insisting that it is actually Parkay.
He also had an adjunct professor title in the Human Genetics Division, Department of Pediatrics and Molecular & Developmental Biology at Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center beginning in 1991.
Mokhtar Yahyaoui () was a human rights activist and a Tunisian judge.
This work in particular shows Leonardo's expertise in painting the human form.
Many iconographic representations have realistic animal and human images in the Moche culture.
NhRP argued that the issue of whether or not Kiko actually desired to be released was regularly resolved in cases dealing with autonomous and self-determining human beings who at that time are incompetent or are too young to make those decisions.
They arrive at the home of Betty's mother where they find Human Fly about to eat her.
He joined the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, where he discovered the human respiratory syncytial virus, which is the cause of respiratory tract infections in children each winter, and is one of the most common causes of illness.
Pure Earth is dedicated to solving pollution problems in low and middle-income countries, where human health is at risk.
Aptamera was the developer of AGRO100, an experimental anticancer drug in human clinical trials.
Kotler is well regarded as one of the world's leading experts on Ultimate Human Performance.
The Systemic Quality of Life (SQOL) has been defined as the effective functioning of human individuals in four functioning subsystems: the cultural, the social, the physical and the personality subsystems.
The find was significant as one of the oldest and most complete human skeleton finds in North America.
While Slaanesh gestated in the Warp, widespread warp storms cut off interstellar travel, leading to the collapse of the glorious human civilizations of old.
Most recently, McGregor has had guest roles on The Listener, Almost Human, and FX’s Fargo.
Her poetry collections are inspired by children in the home environment, sometimes depicted as animals, sometimes as human beings.
I considered the Africans as my servants, not human beings like myself."
It is clear that states have both a legal and a moral obligation to uphold human rights standards, inclusive of their activities in the economic sphere.
This, combined with seeing a dead suspect change back into human form, causes Hank to have nightmares and paranoia when he is home.
She has called for the safeguard of human rights in Venezuela, condemning the actions of the Maduro government.
He helps the Avengers save Earth from a Kree Sentry sent to purge it of human life so the Kree can use the planet in their war against the Skrulls.
In 2019, the Human Rights Committee of the United Nations, found Finland to have violated Sámi political rights, as the Supreme Court of Finland had from 2011 and onwards, began using non-objective criteria when determining allowance of membership in the electoral rolls to the Sámi parliament.
It is the sequence a mind left in isolation or the original generation follows whereas in Part II he describes the progress of human knowledge in the centuries of enlightenment that started from erudition, continued with belles-lettres, and reached to philosophy.
In 2010, Doering and two of his colleagues at the University of Minnesota, Charles Miller and Cassandra Scharber, founded the Learning Technologies Media Lab, with the support of the College of Education and Human Development.
Kindlins have been linked to Kindler syndrome, leukocyte adhesion deficiency, cancer and other acquired human diseases.
Progress in DNA sequencing, specifically mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) and then Y-chromosome DNA (Y-DNA) advanced the understanding of human origins.
Hair extensions are usually clipped, glued, or sewn on natural hair by incorporating additional human or synthetic hair.
Rajesh has made several short films and documentaries on human trafficking, HIV/AIDS and communal riots that support the media advocacy initiatives of the United Nations and NGOs, national and international.
Voluntary organisations serve the positive function of providing relatively benign outlets for the human passion for drama, and for the impulse to power.
The Foundation also takes an interest in human rights issues in the Pacific Islands.
Among the Mapuche, Pillán means "the soul, the human spirit arrived at its final destination."
Further, Kheng could do nothing to reign in Hok Lundy, the head of the National Police force and close confidant of Hun Sen, who was accused of crimes and abuses of power ranging from human trafficking and drug smuggling to the murder of political opponents even though Lundy was under the authority of the Interior Ministry.
Policies & Procedures of working of Human Rights Commission.
Birds, frogs, mammals, and lizards also have a high degree of similarity to the human FAM78B sequence with similarities between 76% and 83%.
He wrote that the "first sources of all human knowledge are the soundly used senses and the intuitions of reason, combined with a correct understanding of a language".
Francis Bacon: The Human Presence (exhibition catalogue).
 Kua-UEV, a human gene
Studies show hardware failure and human error are the two most common causes of data loss, accounting for roughly three quarters of all incidents.
In the 20th century, the world saw the biggest increase in its population in human history due to a drop in the mortality rate in many countries as a result of medical advances.
It is a hypokinetic movement basal ganglia disease caused by the loss of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra of the human brain.
King Orrin – the king of Surda, a minor human empire not yet ruled by Galbatorix.
They also released two albums, Featuring the Human Host and the Heavy Metal Kids (Minit: MLS 40001) in 1967, and Western Flier (Liberty: LBS 83212) in 1969.
He lived for centuries in the underworld, then left it, searching for human affection.
However, instead of starting with scans of maps, Fontcuberta used "scans of historical artworks such as a Henri Rousseau painting or Gustave Le Gray photograph, as well as parts of the human body" to produce "splendid and astonishing landscapes... (lakes, mountains, rocky deserts)".
Bushmeat is meat from wildlife species that are hunted for human consumption.
The Health and Human Services removed a question about sexual orientation in a survey of the elderly.
Early diagnosis is important and today facilitated by the use of sonography and the quantitative human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) assay.
The combination of environmental change and the presence of human activity is increasingly detrimental to ecosystems of all types, as our unrestricted actions often increase the risk of abrupt (and potentially irreversible) changes post-disturbance; when a system would otherwise have been able to recover.
The Generative Anthropology Society & Conference (GASC) is a scholarly association formed for the purpose of facilitating intellectual exchange amongst those interested in fundamental reflection on the human, originary thinking, and generative anthropology, including support for regular conferences.
In human genetics, Haplogroup G-P303 (G2a2b2a, formerly G2a3b1) is a Y-chromosome haplogroup.
Greenhill is currently a scientist affiliated with the Australian National University in Canberra, Australia, and the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History in Jena, Germany.
Hammarström has previously been employed as a researcher at the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History in Jena, Germany and at the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, in Nijmegen, Netherlands.
Any human meeting the Rangdo immediately had to placate him by bowing while uttering the phrase "Gronda!
After examining the attic, the authorities found that it had been saturated with blood and human fat.
The ultimate purpose is to inculcate virtues, and samskaras are viewed in the Hindu tradition as means – not as ends – towards ripening and perfecting the human journey of life.
In human neuroanatomy, bundles of axons (nerve fibers) called tracts, within the brain, can be categorized by their function into association fibers, projection fibers, and commissural fibers.
Knowing the difference between these two types of interpretations helped Mannheim create a place for the sociology of knowledge in the scientific system, thus leaving the sociology of knowledge to stand opposite of the traditional human sciences and to interpret knowledge through an exploration of social reality.
1945), nursing theorist; creator of the Science of Unitary Human Beings
This was done to strengthen the human rights of women who were being harassed or boycotted after being labelled as witches.
 Annette Sykes, New Zealand human rights lawyer and Māori activist
CD244 (Cluster of Differentiation 244) is a human protein encoded by the  gene.
The first movement is based on a longer biblical passage, , full of existential questions about the misery of human life.
Dave Kehr of The New York Times noted that the "crude wooden cross, planted in a shallow channel and topped with a human skull" in the film was a "strikingly morbid image for the usually warm and optimistic Renoir", and testament to it being a difficult time for him.
Feeling that his fruitless search for the origin of human language has condemned him to a solitary, wasted life, Dominic is intent on committing suicide after this one last journey.
In 2006, König was awarded the European Commission's Lorenzo Natali Journalism Prize, which recognizes "outstanding reporting on Human Rights, Democracy and Development issues".
These stem cells carry the exact genetic background of the patient including any genetic mutations which might contribute to the development of human disease.
The Sudan Peace Act says "A viable, comprehensive, and internationally sponsored peace process, protected from manipulation, presents the best chance for a permanent resolution of the war, protection of human rights, and a self-sustaining Sudan."
Verde had known Beverly in college and had a crush on her and had assumed the identity of the supervillain Doctor Bong, who illegally marries Beverly against her will and transforms Howard into a human.
Poverty in Africa is the lack of provision to satisfy the basic human needs of certain people in Africa.
Here is a tragi-comedy which sometimes splutters in farce (when it seems like a parody of Lucky Jim) but at its best, fuses sensitivity and irony and becomes a significant social satire...Moreover the author's flair for character and his recognition of the human predicament give the narrative a saving grace.
The stages of death of a human being have medical, biochemical and legal aspects.
Some of the most notable of her partners are the human Adonis (who was killed by a boar), the mortal Anchises, Bacchus, Mars, and a number of other Roman gods.
There is some evidence of Bronze Age human presence in the area of Haslingden.
Disregarding the human aspect, SIOP-62 represented an outstanding technological achievement:
 Member, Hong Kong Human Rights Commission
The area around the temple used to be the site of the convict execution ground in the old days, assuming from the plenty of human skeletons was found.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, their position on human rights is strongly linked to democracy and the rule of law.
As chairman of the National Human Rights Commission, Verma had written a five-page letter to then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee in which he indicted the Gujarat state government for its role in the 2002 violence in the state, and questioned the Nanavati-Mehta Commission's credibility.
The court held that the measure complained of was prescribed by law and was in pursuit of a legitimate aim under Article 9 of the European Convention on Human Rights, namely the protection of the rights and freedoms of others.
The information provided by the Human Rights Watch showed that even with a powerful administration such as Reagan's, they will provide the truth.
In a detailed legal analysis, the International Commission of Jurists highlighted how the law is not compliant with human rights law and standards, and has been used to arbitrarily restrict the right to freedom of expression and information online.
She is best known for her skits "Dignity of a Beggar," "Uncomfortable Truth," and "BBOOM Entertainment," as well as variety shows Human Condition and Crisis Escape No.
The Daily Observer reporter Ebrima Manneh is believed by human rights organizations to have been arrested in July 2006 and secretly held in custody since then.
Setting programs aimed at serving the human needs of the homeland and enhancing the national security and progress thereof in economical, political and social fields as well as loyalty to the homeland, political pluralism, responsible freedom within the framework of democracy and social justice.
No Western government has yet raised the matter of the Khmer Krom's human rights with the Vietnamese government.
The film portrays new technologies as a natural and expected outcome of human development and indication of health and growth.
María Corina Machado (born 1967), Venezuelan human rights activist and politician
Both these sounds appeared to the human ear to be of equal intensity, and both when tested separately elicited a secretion of 19 drops of saliva during one minute.
National, (inter)regional investigations: investigating serious crimes such as murder, drug trafficking, trafficking in human beings, youth delinquency, arms trade, fraud, big environmental cases and sexual offences; the detectives are often supported by specialists.
Some consider it a natural biotope formed in unique local conditions, others suggest that the development of grīnis is closely related to human activities, in particular, fires, because without the influence of this factor grīnis quickly overgrown with forest.
In the face of various concerns over gender equality, human rights, and treaty obligations, Parliament moved to act on these situations.
Alternatively it could be a compound of nē 'no, not' + man 'I, me, human being' meaning 'no man'.
They also founded the Institute of Ecotechnics and began innovative field projects in challenging biomes to advance the healthy integration of human technologies and the environment where many of the biospherian candidates gained experience in operating real-time complex projects.
The parts were labelled, making it easier for lay students to understand the workings of the human body.
Workplace discrimination is dealt with under the Human Rights Act 1993.
Genome-wide secretomes have been predicted for a wide range of organisms, including human, mouse, zebrafish, and hundreds of bacteria.
Human predation seems to have little to no effect on Sitka deer populations.
The creation of international criminal tribunals and the increase in ratifications of human rights instruments over recent decades have provided more comprehensive recognisition of victims under international law.
Scientists attempted to artificially petrify organisms as early as the 18th century, when Girolamo Segato claimed to have supposedly "petrified" human remains.
These include a naive Catholic priest who reflects on human behaviour (often sexual), a postal worker from the Sauerland, with an appropriate accent, and "Kalle", a Berlin heavy metal fan.
Brianna Rennix and Nathan J. Robinson of Current Affairs go even further and assert that the thought experiment is not only useless, but also downright detrimental to human psychology.
Wilson's application of evolutionary analysis to human behavior caused bitter debate.
The speech included: "Perhaps once in a generation, there comes a chance for the people of a country to play their part wisely and fearlessly in some great battle of the age-long warfare for human rights."
He teaches us nostalgia, desolation, human suffering and weakness and also, some hope and optimism.A little about the exhibition; A piece of bread: a Greek woman holds a piece of bread in her hand and asks for more; a little girl next to her with a hungry face and full of envy.
“In the Wake of the Great Recession: Economic Uncertainty, Communication, and Biological Stress Responses in Families.” Human Communication Research 41, no.
A review by Femina of The Dove's Lament suggests that, "Kirthi embroiders a tapestry of unvanquished human spirit in words."
To its right is a fragment showing a wheel design with figures of mysterious creatures, while to the East of the eastern nave window a hooded human figure can be seen on the window edge close to the pulpit.
In the 1850s and following decades the biggest worry by the pioneers was the defence against the natives, who raze the region in order the steal the cattle, generating important human and economic loses.
On the global market, Denmark has a well-developed system of human sperm export.
Israel has a number of organizations focused legal aid, including the Hotline for Refugees and Migrants, ASSAF, Physicians for Human Rights-Israel, African Refugees Development Center and Association for Civil Rights in Israel.
The Allendale, South Carolina site, known as the Topper site, which has had ongoing excavations for several years, has unearthed many artifacts, as it was a long lasting site of human occupation due to an outcrop of chert, which was valuable for making stone tools.
United States Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor.
an increase in biofacticity, will shift the anthropological concept of hybridity towards a technological self-definition of the human.
 CLK1 (protein), the human enzyme dual specificity protein kinase CLK1, encoded by the CLK1 gene
Brad Adams, Asia director at Human Rights Watch said, “The government is fully aware of the abductions but allows them to happen because it’s eager for an ally against the Tamil Tigers”.
In early works the human figure was shown in the same geometric fashion as animal figures, but reflections of a classical figure style spread as the period went on, probably mostly from the southern Anglo-Saxon regions, though northern areas also had direct contacts with the Continent.
Her sons change into water and she returns to her human family.
On the other hand, initial /h/ can be deleted by the same speakers: hi, hand, hope, human, hello are pronounced /aɪ/, /ænd/, /əʊp/, /juː.mən/, /eˈləʊ/.
The effects of pollution often depend on the context and material, but can reduce ecosystem functioning, limit ecosystem services, reduce stream biodiversity, and impact human health.
In 2015, Aung Ko Latt directed the eight-part television series, The Sun, The Moon and The Truth about real-life legal cases concerning land rights, industrial relations, human trafficking, defamation, wrongful dismissal and fraud in Myanmar.
The last, Have Space Suit—Will Travel, ends with the triumphant return of its young hero from the Lesser Magellanic Cloud...  Nobody has written a more convincing and inspiring future human epic."
It was a continuation of the domestication project at Kira Vunga, which was the first attempt to harness this species for human work.
The masses are freed from Godfrey's power when Robin gathers an army of children untouched by Godfrey's powers to serve as a human shield between the heroes and Godfrey.
Daniel Ronald Levinson is an American attorney who served as Inspector General for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) from September 8, 2004, to May 31, 2019.
On 21 February, 12 human rights organisations signed a statement calling for the release of Anastasia Shevchenko as well as other political prisoners in Russia.
In a flashback to high school in 1999, popular mean girl Kimmie Keegan (Lindsay Lohan) picks Betty for her team in a game of dodgeball, only to order the teammates to use Betty as a human shield.
Stoke Sentinel columnist Simon Lowe described it as "the most human of stories: a truly stirring, laugh-out-loud tearjerker of a drama.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights stated that it was Russian warplanes that destroyed the hospital.
He studied medicine and surgery at the institute of human anatomy in Florence under Giulio Chiarugi.
She formed the Roundtable on Human Rights between 1999 and 2000.
The two search the house, but are disturbed by many strange occurrences, such as a window breaking, with the glass then dripping human blood.
The lesser curvature of the human stomach is supplied by the right gastric artery inferiorly and the left gastric artery superiorly, which also supplies the cardiac region.
The structure of LDL at human body temperature in native condition, with a resolution of about 16 Angstroms using cryogenic electron microscopy, has been recently described.
In her first appearance, Valentina was born from human parents named Miguel and Doray.
Roche's death raised questions about the ethical treatment of test subjects, and her death was reported to the University's Institutional Review Board and to the Office of Human Research.
He is an expert in the area of democratisation, public and international law and human rights law.
Esa Linna  – She's Not a Human Being (2012)
 Doddington, G. (2002) "Automatic evaluation of machine translation quality using n-gram cooccurrence statistics" in Proceedings of the Human Language Technology Conference (HLT), San Diego, CA pp.
At his current age, Victor's nanites have not yet fully transformed into human organs, so his entire body will set off metal detectors, potentially drawing him unwanted attention.
In 2013, the RWCHR's chair launched Iran Accountability Week, a major advocacy initiative held annually in the first week of May by the Canadian Subcommittee on International Human Rights to highlight the domestic repression and rights-abuses perpetrated by Khamenei's Iran.
In addition to metabolism by FAAH, COX-2 and LOXs, NAE 20:4 (AEA) can also undergo oxidation by several of human cytochrome P450 (CYPs) enzymes, resulting in various oxidized lipid species, some of which have biological relevance as CYP-derived epoxides, that can act as a potent agonist of CB2 receptors.
Goldstone has criticised the United Nations Human Rights Council's selective endorsement of the report his commission compiled, since the resolution adopted chastises Israel only, when the report itself is critical of both parties.
Furthermore, because human genetic variation is clinal, many individuals affiliate with two or more continental groups.
Madonna refused, saying that she would neither "stop playing music to suit someone's political agenda" nor "stop speaking out against violations of human rights wherever in the world they may be."
Kathleen Sebelius, United States Secretary of Health and Human Services
While maintaining her personal character, she remained faithful throughout her years of artistry to the heritage of figurative sculpture and its main subject - the human figure.
In 2019 he created two albums of original songs entirely made from human body sounds exclusively for Felt Production Music, which have been used in TV and radio shows internationally.
Freedom Now submitted a report to the UN Human Rights Council pertaining to the case in advance of Tajikistan's Universal Periodic Review in March 2021.
The Allen Human Brain Atlas allows researchers to see where a gene is turned on.
Sequencing of nearly an entire human genome was first accomplished in 2000 partly through the use of shotgun sequencing technology.
Human rights groups claimed that the killings were politically motivated.
There are data on human presence in the Tagus estuary since prehistory.
Other parallels include: his coming to Earth with a message for all mankind; his befriending of a child; possessing wisdom and specialized scientific knowledge beyond any human being; and people being given a sign of his power.
The Luminosity mode is commonly used for image sharpening, because human vision is much more sensitive to fine-scale lightness contrast than color contrast.
“Maak dit saak wat ons oor die Drie-eenheid van God glo ?”, in:  D Human en D Veldsman       ( reds ), Oor jou afdrukke.
There have been many fires in the park since its establishment, of both natural and human causes, intentional and accidental.
After introduction into the human population, a lineage of influenza generally persists through antigenic drift, in which HA and NA continually accumulate mutations allowing viruses to infect hosts immune to earlier forms of the virus.
Prince Zeid bin Ra'ad United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights said "Nowhere in the world should it be an act of bravery for a child to attend school.
Engineering Psychology and Human Performance.
In recent work, Lewis and colleagues have demonstrated a robot that claimed to be  the most biologically accurate model of human locomotion to date.
Overall the use of plastic wrap in the food industry does not pose danger to human health.
Luther, while revering Mary, came to criticize the "Papists" for blurring the line, between high admiration of the grace of God wherever it is seen in a human being, and religious service given to another creature.
Vampire Marks: In the Anita Blake world Master Vampires can create mystic link with a human or with an animal to call.
The study used HepG2 human liver carcinoma cells to test this, and found that tumstatin upregulated the expression of Caspase-9, Fas, Bax, Bid, and p53 while downregulating Bcl-2.
They have since performed in-vitro studies, in-vivo studies, and two human studies in acne vulgaris, the results of which have led the company to now additionally explore systemic therapies for conditions such as hypertension.
The law has been used against people possessing only images of human adults (as opposed to the animal clauses), who have pleaded guilty.
Disabling the missiles requires five years to complete; meantime, the USNA and the USSR yield to increased Colossus-Guardian control of human life.
"It's about the fundamental insecurity in all human beings that they are unlovable", band singer and lyricist Shirley Manson told NME, "Feeling unlovable drives us into marriage, monogamy, jealousy and possessiveness."
The US government imposed a trade embargo on Sudan in 1997 due to human rights violations linked to the civil war between the north and south of the African country, and also because of the regime's alleged support of international terrorist groups.
They are, themselves, destroyed by the Asteromorphs, the descendants of the human species who escaped experimentation by the Qu.
The majority of the Qiang adhere to a pantheistic religion involving belief in a supreme God of Heaven (Mubyasei) and a variety of gods of nature and of human affairs.
Upon seeing Jarvis (the human protagonist), trudge along, Tweel walks beside him.
As observed by Kaufman, Soros's views on Israel may reflect his concern for the political and human rights of Palestinians, and his frequent support of the rights of refugees, as many Palestinians became after leaving their homes after Israeli independence in 1948.
The project application took place between 2002 and 2003, and it allowed the physical, technical and human resources acquisition.
The film, inspired by The Battleship Potemkin, portrayed the event as part of the class struggle and was also directed against the then-disgraced underground party activists; the role of the traitor Lucan was based on Vasile Luca (who participated in the preparations for the strike), fictionalised as the embodiment of human abjectness.
Cancer is one such disease for which isogenic human disease models have been widely used.
Prosecutors accuse Uribe of helping to plan paramilitary massacres in La Granja (1996), San Roque (1996) and El Aro (1997) while he was governor of Antioquia, and the February 1998 assassination of Jesús María Valle, an attorney and human rights defender working with victims in those cases.
In the introduction of the Trouble with Christianity, Philip Voerding who has written the book expresses that "The Voice of Human Justice written by an Eastern Christian named George Jordac.
Referring to heathland in England, Oliver Rackham says, "Heaths are clearly the product of human activities and need to be managed as heathland; if neglected they turn into woodland".
Ealy starred as Dorian the android in the Fox TV science fiction police drama series Almost Human.
Others have added non-maleficence, human dignity, and the sanctity of life to this list of cardinal values.
Human rights and sociopolitical issues 
Anthony Toran Administrative Director for the Seaquarium', also said Hugo made "what appeared to be direct efforts to harm human performers."
American white ibis parents have been known to supplement their chicks' diet with items such as cockroaches and rotting food from human garbage in poorer years, when fish and crayfish are more scarce.
The book is written around a Chart of Human Evaluation, providing a complete description of the tone scale and the components of emotion—the triangle of Affinity, Reality and Communication and how these components work together (ARC).
These products, which are stored in bulk, are understood to be human created ecosystems with a stable microclimate suited to fit the pest's needs.
Her story on China's migrant construction workers that won the Pulitzer Prize also garnered a 2006 Human Rights Press Award from Amnesty International and the Hong Kong Foreign Correspondents' Club.
In addition to Aware Girls, which she continues to chair, Ismail set up the Seeds of Peace Network in 2010, training young people in human rights and political leadership, encouraging the participation of women in politics in Pakistan, and encouraging tolerance between people of differing faiths.
Species: Human, distant descendant of the goddess Suwako Moriya
As a result, even some representatives of the Russian federal government expressed outrage over the incident, a rare occurrence during the conflict as federal authorities were usually reluctant to denounce human rights violations by their forces.
Both car owners appealed to the European Court of Human Rights asserting they had an absolute right to silence under European law.
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights has been translated into Arabela in 1988.
In 2015, the International Summit on Human Gene Editing was held in Washington D.C., hosted by scientists from China, the UK and the U.S..
After an organ transplantation, the body will nearly always reject the new organ(s) due to differences in human leukocyte antigen between the donor and recipient.
Ahok countered that he had a different concept of human rights, saying, "I would kill 2,000 people in front of you to save 10 million."
Although he rejected explicit religious doctrines, including the notion of a personal God, Jaspers influenced contemporary theology through his philosophy of transcendence and the limits of human experience.
At the institutional level, existing U.S. child welfare, domestic violence and human trafficking institutions are currently not equipped to protect forced marriage victims or to address their unique needs.
Zoliswa "Zoe" Albertina Kota-Fredericks is the Deputy Minister of Human Settlements in South Africa.
2014 One Community, One Book selection from the U of Iowa Center for Human Rights, the 
Davis was endorsed by several groups, including the Virginia Sheriff's Association; the Peninsula Housing and Builders Association; the Virginia Society for Human Life; the National Rifle Association, and the Madison Project.
Planets in Composite: Analyzing Human Relationships.
In the end Magneto is defeated when Jean downloads Nick Fury's memories into Magneto, which reveals that mutants are not the next stage of human evolution, but rather a super-soldier experiment gone wrong.
It has been announced that the UN Human rights expert Paolo Sergio Pinheiro is to be allowed to visit Burma.
The learning method highly focuses on applying the essential tools of human side of management in role-play exercises and group projects in global organizations.
The Zuni people tell the story of the Átahsaia – a giant who cannibalizes his fellow demons and seeks out human flesh.
However, an unexpected anomaly cuts the Hunch Bunch's celebration short when they learn that Shaggy’s hiccups are forcing him to alternate between human and werewolf.
Once a Rider extracts the Bugster from the host, the former will manifest in their complete form alongside a group of Bugster Virus foot soldiers while the host will revert to their human form and suffer from the effects of .
Their nests are hard to see in the open sand and the birds are easily frightened away by human activity leaving the eggs to fast-moving predators such as sea gulls.
She then became a Research Fellow at the National Institutes of Health until 2004, in the National Human Genome Research Institute.
The process of maiming, popularized by the film Slumdog Millionaire, is common given that according to the Buffalo Human Rights Law Review children with apparent special needs often make upwards of three times as much as other children who beg.
AI-based Human Capital Management Solutions
It readily establishes itself and quickly expands in places of human disturbance such as industrial sites, along roadsides, and along sandy riverbanks.
He was appointed Human Rights minister in the cabinet of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, which was confirmed by the Council of Representatives on 9 September 2014.
Symmetry is often found in works of art, and the human brain unconsciously searches for symmetry for a number of reasons.
HRIC is a member organization of the International Federation for Human Rights.
Abnormal phosphorylation causes many human diseases, including cancer, and drugs that affect phosphorylation can treat those diseases.
"Science fiction can be defined as that branch of literature which deals with the reaction of human beings to changes in science and technology."
Anu Peshawaria is currently practicing International law in the US and India and strongly advocates for Immigration, legal and human rights law, with over 25 years of adept experience.
This epic relates the story of the bear god, who, in saving his young son, is killed by human hunters.
Jasmine Rose Wilson (born August 5, 1994), known professionally as Baby Rose, is an American singer born in Washington, D.C. She is an independent artist but has a distribution deal with Human Re Sources.
Handball demonstrates his "use of architectural settings as both psychological foil to human figures and as expressive abstract pattern," and is also an example of his use of photographs as source material.
The gene cluster is the most gene-dense region of the human genome.
This is the second time in the movie there is human speech.
Exposure assessment, also referred to as exposure analysis, is a receptor-oriented science, and practitioners in this field focus on the sources of pollutants that result in the largest human exposure.
"The book describes the policies and political processes by which America overcame the economic, military and other disasters of the century's first decade and began to turn into a more democratic, egalitarian, peaceful and human society."
And it seems that that right's been taken away from us for some reason… being proud of where you're from is part of being a human being".
Other finds include flint blades, walrus and deer bones, giving valuable information about human development from the ice age in the Mazandaran area.
Biodiversity, Sustainability and Human Communities: Protecting Beyond the Protected.
Mighty Jack, fared better in the ratings, perhaps because of its inclusion of monsters and aliens, rather than purely human evildoers like Q.
With the help of the Bankiri Monse, he turned into a human and took back the Vader Clan.
The Turkish Interior Minister Süleyman Soylu admitted that several hundred of the recipients of Grey Passports did not return after their passports were invalidated and the Ministry of the Interior suspended the issuing of Grey Passports in order to prevent further human trafficking.
Headlining speakers included human rights campaigner Bianca Jagger, Labour Party veteran Tony Benn, Labour MP George Galloway, and speakers of Muslim faith.
The San Francisco Examiners Hortense Morton noted it as "a strictly feminine film," adding that, "while the story gets major treatment, the background of women in the Army, with its discipline, barracks life, and human elements, is shown with good purpose.
She accepts that the book is "scientifically solid and comprehensive",  but argues that it "raises some concerns",  since in her view Reich overlooks the conflict of interest between the needs of researchers to gather ancient human DNA specimens and the rights of the often marginalised populations that descend from those ancestors.
The first season of Human Giant was released on March 4, 2008, one week ahead of the season two premiere on March 11.
Following news of Crimea's independence referendum organized with the help of Russia on 16 March 2014, the Kurultai leadership voiced concerns of renewed persecution, as commented by a U.S. official before the visit of a UN human rights team to the peninsula.
Genie, a contemporary victim of social deprivation, had severely limited human contact from 20 months until 13.5 years of age.
In the specifically protein coding regions of the human genome, it is estimated that there are about 0.35 mutations that would change the protein sequence between parent/child generations (less than one mutated protein per generation).
Cynthia Bendlin is a Paraguayan activist against human trafficking.
(1998) described eight principles required to make the implementation of ecosystem-based management efficacious: "broad-based stakeholder involvement; commitment of top leaders; agreement on information needs and interpretation; action planning within a strategic framework; human resource development; results and indicators to measure progress; systematic review and feedback; and stakeholder satisfaction".
Human males live largely in monogamous societies like gorillas, and therefore testis size is smaller in comparison to primates in multi-male breeding systems, such as chimpanzees.
He reiterates and supports Aristotle's claim that the mind is a blank slate and makes the case that the notion of the human self most compatible with the facts is the Buddhist concept of anātman.
The human voice in that sense is not electronically reproduced or amplified; it's the actual living breath inside a body—not necessarily an expert's body or the artist's body.
Jean-Paul Sartre is a well-known French philosopher who was concerned with human authenticity and individuality.
As it was the fault of his department, Michael is sent in 1887 to set Duke on the life path for which he was destined, but Michael must do so as a human being, without miracles, not even a small one.
He defended his invention against critical reporters, arguing that his automata were not "wireless torpedo", but instead, "mechanical men, which will do the laborious work of the human race."
Thus, knowledge is the source by which an individual realizes his innate, human potential (as described by Zhu Xi).
"Because their bodies are seen as different, intersex children and adults are often stigmatized and subjected to multiple human rights violations".
However, opposition and human rights groups said the elections were tainted by repression, murder and lack of credible competition.
Renewable energy is energy that is collected from renewable resources that are naturally replenished on a human timescale.
Despite this low number of MSC's, isolated bone marrow nucleated cells implanted into degenerated human peripheral joints have shown some promise for joint repair.
From 1971 through his retirement in 1997, he was executive director of USC's Marriage and Family Therapy Training Program, and director of the Human Relations Center.
Human lives are as vaporous as clouds or untuned lyres that, discarded, have become like an Aeolian harp that is susceptible to every passing wind gust.
According to some independent sources of today, the death toll was around 8,000 human lives.
She has worked at Malaspina University-College, Human Resources Development Canada, and the BC Ministry of Skills Training & Labour.
As part of their winter appeal, Human Appeal organised The Comedy Show which toured in December 2016.
March 9An Appeal for Human Rights was published.
The driven, conflicted young man lived a dual existence: during the day he ran the Taylor Foundation, and at night he relentlessly trained himself to human perfection, studying with the best private tutors money could buy.
It is true that, once inside an aircraft, I am mere hardware, but once disembarked, I do have emotions and passion as I am also a human.
Because of his solitude and curiosity about witchcraft and evil spirits, Ivan's mother believed him to be a changeling, a fairy left in place of a stolen human child.
Going off of this assumption that going against public opinion will lead to social sanctions, Noelle-Neumann assumes that human beings have an inherent fear of isolation and will adapt their behavior so that they will not be isolated from others.
These are demonstrators who want freedom, who are doing nothing more than exercising a human right, to know the right to defend with dignity their point of view.
 Equality and Human Rights Commission, a public body responsible for promotion and enforcement of equality laws in England, Scotland and Wales.
An inquest in Gibraltar ruled that the SAS had acted lawfully, while the European Court of Human Rights held that, although there had been no conspiracy, the planning and control of the operation was so flawed as to make the use of lethal force almost inevitable.
The sides are decorated with panels depicting eagles and jaguars consuming human hearts.
Up to 9 regions play at once, either human hotseat or AI controlled, and all actions are resolved simultaneously at the end of each turn.
Lighthouse: Center for Human Trafficking Victims, a non-profit organization based in Tokyo, works to rescue and aid sex trafficking victims in Japan, helping them to arrange legal counsel, shelter, and medical care.
Later Charlie is one of the Motie ambassadors to the human Empire.
Barrier free is also a term that applies to handicap accessibility in situations where legal codes such as the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 Guidelines - a law focusing on all building aspects, products and design that is based on the concept of respecting human rights - don't make specifications.
Their mission has expanded to include work for human rights, such as the protection of the rights of migrants and the promotion of justice for developing nations.
CSL exploited this traffic by continually refining its self-unloading bulk carrier designs, coupled with improvements in stevedoring at various ports to arrive at a minimal number of human operators required.
Titov remains the youngest human to reach orbit; he rounded the planet 17 times.
The researchers use " multistaged household cluster" sample and heads of household are interviewed on the health status, access to health care, food insecurity, human rights violations such as forced labor and forced displacement during the last 12 months.
There have been mass street protests by the opposition protesting against the referendum and against human rights violations.
Minister of Law and Human Rights Yasonna Laoly said he would release more than 30,000 prisoners to avoid mass coronavirus infections in Indonesia's overcrowded jails.
On 4 April 2011, Vu was sentenced to 7 years in prison for "spreading anti-state propaganda", drawing protests from human rights groups, the Roman Catholic Church, and the international community.
Several human remains were also found, and were either sent for further identification tests, or were properly disposed.
The Columbia Human Rights Law Review of Columbia Law School publishes A Jailhouse Lawyer's Manual ("the JLM"), intended to help prisoners and jailhouse lawyers appeal their sentence, protest their conditions of imprisonment, etc.
During the Resistance War of the early 80s, he immigrated to Nairobi and worked as a part-time lecturer for human resource and finance management at the University of Nairobi (UoN) and as a finance and administration manager with C. A. Libirds & Associates, up until 1984 when he secured employment as a full-time lecturer at USIU Africa.
… With the evolution of human consciousness and reflectiveness, the soup was adopted as a suitable metaphor for chaos" .
Mors Subita signed a record deal with German label Out of Line Music in the spring of 2019, with the label releasing the first three albums on the Human Waste Compression box set later that year.
Magi Nation follows Tony Jones, a timid human teenage boy, who has just recently moved into a new town.
Much of the distribution range of pheasants in Southwest China overlaps with the habitat of the giant panda, and livestock grazing has become the most prevalent human disturbance across associated protection areas.
In June 2015, Yahoo reported: "The Islamic State group has beheaded two women in Syria on accusations of 'sorcery', the first such executions of female civilians in Syria, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Tuesday."
It was all written by real human beings, and it was all played by hand".
In December 1992, the archives of Stroessner's organized human rights abuses, known as the Terror Files were uncovered.
He remained at Yale until 1947 on the staff of Yale Institute of Human Relations.
The organization's stated mission "is to influence public policy in Vermont by helping its people to better understand and put into practice the fundamentals of a free society: individual liberty, private property, competitive free enterprise, limited government, strong local communities, personal responsibility, and expanded opportunity for human endeavor."
The archaeological investigations sponsored by the United States Army Corps of Engineers at Joe Pool have provided a few brief glimpses into the rich record of human history and prehistory of this area.
: in the Group 2A of  International Agency for Research on Cancer IARC are the "probable human carcinogen" substances), based on observations of cancers and tumors of the kidneys and forestomachs in laboratory animals fed diets containing chlorothalonil.
These catalogues include including MusicDirector (part of Talpa Music), Human Music, Music Beyond, X-Ray Dog, Beds & Beats, Valentino Production Music, Immediate Music, AXS Music, Altitude Music, and Must Save Jane.
His first official transplantation of a monkey gland into a human took place on June 12, 1920.
Human Rights Watch named the case as part of "Azerbaijan’s appalling record on freedom of expression", and called for "a prompt and effective investigation into the vicious attack".
In many parts of Europe, water caltrops were known and used for human food until the beginning of the 20th century.
Abu Ghosh is located in one of the earliest areas of human habitation in Israel.
If I have told you one word of truth, it was his and his alone, and if I have told him many things which were not true, which were not correct, which were not beneficial to the human race, they were all mine, and on me is the responsibility.
He received the Gaddafi Human Rights Prize in 2002.
In January 2013, Almost Human announced that the game had sold over 600,000 copies.
Wellcome Centre for Human Genetics
Even when a human is directed to look at the actual location on a monitor of a subject in these conditions, the subject will usually not be detected.
The cave is protected by the UNESCO and contains human remains, early tools and bones of bears, deer and other animals indicating the hunting nature of the inhabitants.
He never troubles about the conventional associations of his subjects but uses them to indulge his ardent love for richly colored compositions of involve forms in which the human figure does not distract the eye but it is a unit of a co-ordinated whole.
Another study, designed and carried out by archaeologists Kathy Schick and Nicholas Toth, aimed to compare Kanzi's cognitive and mechanical abilities with those of early human ancestors who made and used Early Stone Age tools (probably Homo habilis), such as Oldowan stone flakes and cores (a core is the rock from which a flake has been removed).
The same year, he became President of the PCF Comité pour la défense des libertés et droits de l'homme en France et dans le monde ("Committee for the defense of human liberties and rights in France and throughout the world").
Then she reverts to human form and regresses into childhood, losing her memory.
James Yeh of Vice commented on how the series deals with the issue of gay marriage, which is unrecognized in Japan, and wrote that Tagame's artwork, writing and muscular male characters make My Brother's Husband "a beautiful, stirring, and deeply human work".
The oldest known remnants of human settlement activity come from the third millennium BC.
The checkered garter snake, chequered skipper and cleridae, commonly known as checkered beetles exemplify natural occurrences of the pattern which have emerged without human interference or stimuli.
In March 2010, he joined the Liberal Democrats with whom he had usually worked closely on democracy and human rights issues.
Supporting atomoxetine's selectivity, a human study found no effects on platelet serotonin uptake (a marker of SERT inhibition) and inhibition of the pressor effects of tyramine (a marker of NET inhibition).
The disease is thought to have a genetic predisposition as it is associated with certain human leukocyte antigens involved in the immune response.
 Human Ape, a National Geographic documentary film
Chapuys is a character in Frailty of Human Affairs and Shaking the Throne, a series of books by Caroline Angus-Baker focused on the lives of Thomas Cromwell and Nicola Frescobaldi.
Such strong guarantees are required of systems for which not reacting in a certain interval of time would cause great loss in some manner, especially damaging the surroundings physically or threatening human lives (although the strict definition is simply that missing the deadline constitutes failure of the system).
The guide goes into further detail for recovery action dealing with the topics of; agriculture, business and workforce, communications and outreach, environment, finance, health and human services, housing, intergovernmental relations, risk management, transportation and infrastructure, and volunteers and donations.
His concern also dealt with religion in human life which he speaks about in his book The Biology of Ultimate Concern in 1967.
As a consequence strategies to maintain human culture and modern technological society without a reliance on fossil fuel based energy sources are being sought by a number of related individuals and movements.
The technology modifies the human IgG4 antibody.
Researchers have used immersion to investigate how digital stimuli can alter human perception, emotion and physiological states, and how can change social interactions, in addition to studying how digital interaction can enact social change in the physical world.
To meet these goals, neuroergonomics combines two disciplines—neuroscience, the study of brain function, and human factors, the study of how to match technology with the capabilities and limitations of people so they can work effectively and safely.
Subjects covered by the journal include antitrust law, constitutional law, corporate governance, environmental law, intellectual property law, and human rights law.
Member of CMACO, helped to form the Human Trafficking Collection in Fort Lauderdale, Broward Chiefs Association and other vital programs.
Pulli settlement, oldest known human settlement in Estonia
In the 1940s the archaeologist Clarence Van Riet Lowe predicted: “When the last diamond claim has been abandoned, archaeologists throughout the world will be interested in Canteen Kopje, in the Vaal River diggings, where lie the prehistoric remains of a million years of human evolution.”
His last book, Sex and the Pulpit, was a demand for Judaism to acknowledge more the healthiness of human sexuality as a source of happiness.
Altman served as an Executive Director at the Human Sciences Research Council where she worked on the "Employment Scenarios" project - its major project - from 2002 to 2012.
Percy first encounters Ares in The Lightning Thief, in which he drives a black Harley-Davidson motorcycle with flame decals and a leather seat made from human skin.
In 2013, Graeber published an essay in the magazine Strike, "On the Phenomenon of Bullshit Jobs", which argued the pointlessness of many contemporary jobs, particularly those in fields of finance, law, human resources, public relations, and consultancy.
American Journal of Human Genetics 84:286-290.
Broadbent was director of the International Centre for Human Rights and Democratic Development from 1990 to 1996.
The goal of Islamic economics is to create a spiritual transformation in human beings and to use material means to bring this about.
The organization also rescues refugees from detention camps and human trafficking syndicates.
Robert Zubrin (; born April 9, 1952) is an American aerospace engineer, author, and advocate for human exploration of Mars.
The declaration advocates the need to uphold the "terrible truth of the Holocaust against those who deny it," and to preserve the memory of the Holocaust as a "touchstone in our understanding of the human capacity for good and evil."
2003 : Rhodia signs the United Nations Global Compact, to promote and enforce ten major principles in the realm of human rights, working conditions, environmental protection and the fight against corruption.
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights reported that she was arrested in Khanh Hoa and charged with crimes under Article 88 of Vietnam's Penal Code, which prohibits "conducting propaganda against the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam."
Meher Baba (born Merwan Sheriar Irani; 25 February 1894  – 31 January 1969) was an Indian spiritual master who said he was the Avatar, or God in human form, of the age.
In 1983, Yatron become the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on International Organizations, Human Rights and Oversight.
With a limited budget, it has consistently published outstanding stories and projects—investigating long-ignored crimes and human rights abuses and now tracking growing drug violence throughout Central America.
In the early 2000’s, she served as the United Nations Independent Expert on combating impunity, updating the UN Set of Principles to Combat Impunity, a key “soft law” instrument guiding States’ efforts to address serious human rights violations in light of their international legal obligations.
Cybernetics and Systems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of cybernetics and systems science, including artificial intelligence, computer science, cybernetics, human computer intelligence, information and communication technology, machine learning, and robotics.
September 10 – Hermann Göring, in a speech at Nuremberg, calls the Czechs a "miserable pygmy race" who are "harassing the human race."
The case was eventually dismissed for mootness when "Washington County changed its practice and vowed that it would record credentials issued by [Atheists for Human Rights] from that date forward."
Human Rights Watch called on belligerents in the Syrian conflict to refrain from using enhanced blast weapons like fuel-air explosives in populated areas.
Human rights advocates Lev Ponomaryov and Lyudmila Alexeyeva welcomed the court decision but expressed concern whether Alexanyan would be able to pay this sum of money.
In particular, they refuted the assumption of Confucius as a godlike figure and considered him as the greatest sage, but simply a human and mortal
Dev is faced with the spectre of the tragic human cost and a moral compulsion to act.
 Escape: Human Cargo (1998) – action drama film based on the true story of an American businessman who loses his passport and exit visa in Saudi Arabia
Afzali was represented by human rights lawyer Ron Kuby.
None of the scientists thought the weight of the evidence indicated that 2,4-D was a "known" or "probable" cause of human cancer.
The college mascot is Robot Fox; a robot in the shape of a fox who can speak human languages.
He entered the literary circles with a bang in late 1940s when he wrote Shibli ki hayat-i-muashaqa, a research work that unearthed the love-life of Shibli Nomani, a renowned Muslim scholar, and tried to portray him as a human in the light of Freudian theories.
The ship is rebuilt as the Earth Defense Force builds a second Space Battleship Yamato to combat the Balbard Empire, an alien race that has erected a massive honeycombed cage called Ru Sak Gar over Earth, in a bid to stop the human race's spacefaring efforts.
Human population of Malaquing Tubig started to grow and in 1754, Taal Volcano erupted destroying the original Bauan.
"The Hidden Gulag: Exposing North Korea’s Prison Camps", Committee for Human Rights in North Korea
The tree was a taxonomy of human knowledge, inspired by Francis Bacon's The Advancement of Learning.
Furthermore, in relation to human trafficking, the PLRC (2008: 167) stated:
International Council on Human Rights Policy.
Abhay and Piya go to hospital to save Panchi but Abhay, now a human being, is unable to save her leading her to death.
A more comprehensive focus on re-establishing the structure and function of the human functional spinal unit may include facet replacement.
This provides an empirical test of all theories on the origin of language: Can the theory in question explain the observed speech-gesture-thought unity of human cognition?
These practices could include prolonged episodes of feasting and drinking, music, songs and chants, visionary experiences, human and animal sacrifice.
An urn, containing fragments of human bones, was found near Auchans Castle by a workman who was digging in a small mound of gravel.
The law firm announced that it would consider taking the case to the European Court of Human Rights.
In late 2010 Digital Daggers had the single of the week, "No Easy Way," which gained over 150,000 downloads to promote the release of the debut digital EP Human Emotion.
Liberation was created in this context, where the radical left propounded a sexual revolution as a way to create a socialist utopia by politicizing every aspect of human life, especially sexuality.
In "Beating the Global Odds", Paul A. Laudicina summarizes and cites Lederer's play, saying "Imagine having at last the entire knowledge of human civilization at your fingertips, and finding that it basically gives you a migraine.
He was the inventor of a primitive diving suit in 1775, which he called a "scaphandre" from the Greek words skaphe (boat) and andros (man) in his book Traité de la construction théorique et pratique du scaphandre ou du bateau de l'homme (Treatise on the theoretical and practical construction of the "Scaphandre" or human boat).
The Supreme Intelligence was revealed to have mentally influenced the human Rick Jones and the U.S. Alien Activities Commission from behind the scenes in order to regain its power.
Critics have long argued  that the "retail prices of industrial meat, dairy, and egg products omit immense impacts on human health, the environment, and other shared public assets."
Despite the fact that international institutions such as the United Nations (UN) and the Council of Europe (CoE) regard and promote conscientious objection as a human right, , it still does not have a legal basis in most countries.
The title "Epiphanes" (Greek for "appearance") "encapsulates the notion of a human king as God manifest", a boastful name that parallels this text's names, and the boastfulness of the little horn in Daniel 7.
A favorable report by Human Betterment Foundation workers E.S.
She is the director of the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, part of the National Institutes of Health.
In July 2010, a group searching for Armstrong announced that they had found human remains in County Monaghan.
These areas offer particular advantages from industry specific infrastructure; proximity to necessary human resources, as well was raw materials and attractive tax breaks.
An Imperfect Fit - Advanced democracy and human nature by Vit Klemeš (2004)
The biggest loss of human life was in two counties of South Pyongan Province.
Therefore, the qualification is divided into five specializations, which are: Finance, Marketing, Hospitality Management, Supply Chain Management and Human Resource Management.
During the Venus round, human beings will undergo the higher soul man stage.
Grismer brought a complaint to the Human Rights Commission for discrimination against the disabled.
Murphy argued that while Hamer believed that the study of animal sexual behavior will help make society more tolerant of homosexuality, it was uncertain that it would and if it did, this "should not be because descriptions of the behavior of animals have normative force in regard to the behavior of human beings."
Labor Relations and Personnel Management: This option prepares students for both academic and practical work in function of managing human resources in an organization.
Human diplomats stationed on the planet Rejoicing teach the porcupine-like natives to revolt against their tyrannical emperor.
She conducted research in weather and climate prediction models and into the meteorological exchange process, her research interests include the impact of climate and weather on human health, the impacts of climate change on specific countries and global hydrometeorology and extreme value analysis.
His work appears in such periodicals as Symbolic Interaction, Journal of Contemporary Ethnography, Journal of Qualitative Health Research, the Gerontologist, and the International Journal of Aging and Human Development.
Spacecraft can also be remotely operated from ground stations on Earth, or autonomously, without any direct human involvement.
Since the amount of radiant heat lost or received by human body is the algebraic sum of all radiant fluxes exchanged by its exposed parts with the surrounding sources, MRT can be calculated from the measured temperature of surrounding walls and surfaces and their positions with respect to the person.
 1976 Pudlo Prints, Habitat: UN Conference of Human Settlements, Department of Indian Affairs and Northern Development, Ottawa, Ontario
This was one of Van Gogh's last paintings before his death and symbolizes the cycle of human suffering contrasted with a sense of hope.
Although the court held it plausible that Faqirzada was closely involved with the human rights abuses in the military branch of the KhAD, it concluded there was no evidence for his individual involvement nor his command responsibility for the specific crimes the charge was based upon.
Think of sculpture as a pure plastic art while architecture is a plastic art which is submitted to function, taking into consideration the human scale."
This human movement  contributed to greater mixtures of people and life experience meant that the idea of nationalism changed and the image of identity changed this included the national art image.
Located in the Remuera suburb, to the east of the Newmarket commercial suburb, it has been extensively modified by human use, first by Māori for use as a pā and later by use as quarry and pasture land before finally having a water reservoir installed in its cone to supply the surrounding area.
His vision towards human care, rehabilitation and education  has been instilled under Virutcham Foundation.
Ethnozoology is the study of the past and present interrelationships between human cultures  and the animals in their environment.
Fending off the German invasion and pressing to victory over Nazi Germany in the Second World War required a tremendous sacrifice by the Soviet Union (more than by any other country in human history).
Police were issued with a court order to dig up the suspected grave, but found nothing apart from part of a human leg.
In Perspectives on Human Suffering.
Elvis burst into flames in the sunlight but landed in a river, having been exposed to the sun for a precise length of time to turn him human again.
He explains that he is a king transformed by an ogre, that Tartagliona fooled King Tartaglia into agreeing to Ninetta's imprisonment, that her children are alive, and that if they discover their true parentage, Tartagliona will be overthrown and the green bird will return to human form and, he hopes, marry Barberina.
Her human name is Sakkara, and she was part of the team of slaves that built the burial tomb for Queen Ostraca.
Fight Against Violation of Human Rights and Unfair Labour Practices 
Pseudouridine modifications are also implicated in human diseases such as mitochondrial myopathy and sideroblastic anemia (MLASA) and Dyskeratosis congenita.
The Cape Party stated that the resolution is in contravention of international law and cited such examples as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights Article 17 (2): "No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his or her property."
He also has a Diploma in Sleep Medicine from the Faculty of Medicine of Latin American Center for Human Economy (CLAEH).
I am a Christian, in the only sense he wished any one to be; sincerely attached to his doctrines, in preference to all others; ascribing to himself every human excellence; & believing he never claimed any other.
In 2008 the South African Human Rights Commission investigated the impact of Anglo’s mining activity at Moglakwena and reported that the company had failed to give local communities access to water, sanitation and electricity after relocating them.
The most recent discovery was on January 1, 2019, when people on Jetty Island in Everett, Washington called police to report a boot with a human foot inside, which the coroner was able to match to Antonio Neill, missing since Dec. 12, 2016.
PACTS charitable objective is: To protect human life through the promotion of transport safety for the public benefit.
This shows that segmental duplications are responsible for defining locations of chromosomal rearrangement within the human genome.
He is currently President of the Board of Directors for the Colibrí Center for Human Rights.
After the decimation of natives by the disease, white human settlement around the Alagnak increased rapidly.
Dorland's landscapes from this time depict forests with traces of human contact including graffiti and litter.
 College of Education of the Human Sciences.
A memorable moment in the rock opera happened on the bewitched island where Lāčplēsis turned people who had turned into rock back into human flash.
The stickers featured a string of rainbow-colored human figures underneath the red rocks of Kanab and the words "Everyone welcome here".
It is inspiring and eloquent of a quality of human courage that millions must try to generate today."
He kept an assortment of snakes and lizards, along with embalmed scorpions and animal and human skulls, and sold gris-gris, voodoo amulets which supposedly protect the wearer from harm.
Identification of constitutive and inducible forms of nitric oxide synthase in human platelets.
Only Human received generally positive reviews from music critics.
Bongo was also implicated in a Hawks investigation relating to alleged corrupt land transactions during his time as legal adviser in the Mpumalanga human settlement provincial department, earning a R300 000 deposit for a BMW through a departmental alleged corrupt deal in 2011.
Cerina - Cybron's daughter, who shows signs that she is more than likely human.
Not quite human and not quite Elven.
In order to invade the Planet Earth and defeat its resistances, Moetaranga spreads the  to human victims and Kaito/Max, causing them to become extremely energetic but later on subjugate them to burnout syndrome.
He was also the editor and chief of one of the first scientific journals on cancer cytogenetics in 1979 called “Cancer Genetics and Cytogenetics.” Shortly after, he wrote his first book called The Chromosomes in Human Cancer and Leukemia.
They were brutally hunted down by the initial human colonists.
During this time, he was drawn into the human potential movement and turned to it for theories about intuitions and psychic phenomena that would help his clients.
Thus, the biophysical environment can impose constraints on human activity.
 Winston Churchill wins the Nobel Prize in Literature "for his mastery of historical and biographical description as well as for brilliant oratory in defending exalted human values".
In addition to his surveillance art, other works engage in a critical examination of the differences between human and artificial intelligence.
Then Ernst Fuchs and Gerhard Ebeling, building on Bultmann’s existentialist analysis, developed a method of interpreting the New Testament that emphasized the linguistic mode of human existence, giving birth to the so-called new hermeneutic.
Martin Joe Laurello (born Martin Emmerling, 1885-1955), also known by the stage names Human Owl and Bobby the Boy with the Revolving Head, was a German-American sideshow performer and biological rarity who could turn his head 180 degrees to the rear.
They claim this right as a human right.
The UDHR is still considered the central authority regarding human rights, though it holds no binding power over states and therefore is still regularly ignored by numerous states when alternatives better serve state-interests.
The human NDUFA12 gene codes for a subunit of Complex I of the respiratory chain, which transfers electrons from NADH to ubiquinone.
Gehn is born to Master Aitrus of the Guild of Surveyors (for whom his son is named) and his human wife, Anna (or Ti'ana, as she is known in D'ni), shortly before the downfall of the D'ni civilization.
On occasion, however, Casey does allow part of his human side through.
Tachyon's royal house of Ilkazam created what human doctors called "Xenovirus Takis-A"—the Wild Card virus.
Because photography was not readily available, the newspaper relied on local artists to provide drawings and sketches for human interest stories.
The Temple's public profile was further elevated when Jones was appointed to the Indianapolis Human Rights Commission.
(voiced by Billy Boyd and human form portrayed by Beans Balawi) - Chucky and Tiffany's original child and Glenda's twin brother.
Regarding the bad reputation of Human Touch and Lucky Town among his fans, Springsteen said: "I tried it [writing happy songs] in the early '90s and it didn't work; the public didn't like it."
In waters with high nutrient content, particularly those that have been contaminated with human loading of sewage or fertilizers, water lettuce can exhibit weedy overgrowth.
This is an opportunity for Sri Lanka to turn the page on its past and build a Sri Lanka rooted in democracy, tolerance, and respect for human rights.
After Takashima's death, she became human, resulting in the energy crystal to be bound to her soul and inherited to Mikami Reiko.
They maintained their claims on two programs administered by the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
Incumbent Secretary Howard Henrick serves as the Director of the Department of Human Services.
Investments to address it have increased but remain far from being sufficient to solve it and unleash the human potential that remains trapped in malnutrition.
 Using Impact Analysis and the Vulnerability Framework to understand the impact of Ocean Acidification on human communities ;
Even though Oliver was in his own person no sour fanatic, as Royalist pamphleteers after the Restoration falsely asserted; it is impossible to deny that he strove by acts of government to lead men into the paths of morality and religion beyond the limit which average human nature had fixed for itself."
 Human Interface Award / Phaenomenale - Science & Art Festival / Phaeno Science Center - Wolfsburg (Germany) (2015)
When the mermaid sees her love riding the rapids with his human bride, she in a burst of jealousy raises a rock off the river bed, drowning them both.
However, unlike other fluoroquinolones, finafloxacin is highly active under acidic (pH 5.0–6.0) conditions, where certain bacteria (like Helicobacter pylori, a bacterium that is known to infect the human stomach, despite the harsh acidity) thrive.
Problem of Human Genealogy (in Polish; Summary in English), Jesuit University of Philosophy and Education Ignatianum, Cracow, 2010.
One of the few studies that looked at the influence of hormones on human bonding compared participants who had recently fallen in love with a control group.
Cohen did his undergraduate studies at both the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Stanford University, from which he received his bachelor's degree in Human Biology.
The soul gets locked either into animal (tiryañca), infernal (nāraki), human (manuṣya), or celestial (deva) bodies for its next birth.
Baugh has claimed to have discovered human footprints alongside dinosaur footprints near the Paluxy River in Texas.
There, Sera faces the human form of Angel, who threatens to delete the Junkyard with a computer virus if Sera does not return to the real world with her.
Basic needs, wellbeing and morality: Fulfilling human potential.
Human activities, such as the burning of fossil fuels, and biomass including wood and stubble, power plants, road dust from tyre and road wear, wet cooling towers in cooling systems and various industrial processes, also generate significant amounts of particulates.
The university announced in 2010 that it was terminating the undergraduate program in Dubai after just two years due to insufficient enrollment, but would continue to offer a master's degree program in human resources and labor relations in Dubai.
In order to place baits more precisely and to minimize human and pet contact with baits, however, they are distributed by hand in suburban or urban regions.
Clostridium tertium has traditionally been considered nonpathogenic, but increasingly it is being reported as a human pathogen.
Cardinal Jorge Urosa Savino said that he has seen some vandalism by opposition protesters, but with the government, "There is a serious violation of human rights that must be addressed and must be punished" and that, "deaths and injuries are from attacks against peaceful demonstrations".
It also carries programming by Radio Free Asia, Voice of America, the Cambodian Center for Human Rights, and Radio France Internationale.
The right of member states to enact legislation that limit the right to conscientious objection to abortion was upheld by the European Court of Human Rights in March 2020.
The whole album explores socio-political matters with songs like "Troppo occidentale" and human troubles, with extreme thoughtfulness.
The diet, non-vegetarianism is the majority human diet in the world (including India).
The group Mothers of Soacha has been recognized with various international human rights awards, notably:
CSS is used to suggest its presentation to human users.
Minimum hit length for a positive match of human sequence is typically 30 consecutive identical bases, which equates to a BLAST score of 60; generally, the remaining sequence is BLAST again with less stringent parameters to allow for slight mismatches (1 in 20 nucleotide).
Monograph 51 on Coffee, Tea, Mate, Methylxanthines and Methylglyoxal, 1990; Monograph 72 on the Evaluation of Carcinogenic Risks to Human.
As a result, the subcommittee on Statewide Early Education and Family Support Programs of the Joint Legislative Oversight Committee on Health and Human Services recommended that the state look at options to strengthen collaboration between agencies.
The describers suggest that the most likely cause of extinction was human settlement in the early 15th century, with its associated habitat destruction and the introduction of alien species.
[Will our brains stay human?]
In more recent years, tensions have surrounded the participation of candidates of the Unity for Human Rights Party in Albanian elections.
In human physiology dopamine is a neurotransmitter as well as a hormone.
Human resource Development through training, education and extension.
Beginning in 2002, she was the agency lead on an investigation of human illness from consuming puffer fish caught in the Indian River Lagoon (IRL), in Florida.
The European Court of Human Rights ruled in 2008 that A1+'s licence was improperly revoked, but in 2014 the station had not been returned any licence.
This causes a war between the human villagers and Shikis; resulting in setting the village on fire and leaving it to ruins.
A sequel to Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure, it focuses on Cindel Towani, the human girl from the first film, who, after being orphaned, joins the Ewoks in protecting their village and defeating the marauders who have taken control of the Endor moon.
Stretchable electronics could be integrated into smart garments to interact seamlessly with the human body and detect diseases or collect patient data in a non-invasive manner.
Early testing shows that human swarms can out-predict individuals.
Rather than being exclusive to individual human consciousness, consciousness is born of the pre-conscious style of the world, of Nature.
Available through Addgene, these lentiviral libraries respectively target human and mouse exons, and both are available as a one-vector system (where the sgRNAs and Cas9 are present on the same plasmid) or as a two-vector system (where the sgRNAs and Cas9 are present on separate plasmids).
October 10 – Indictment and arrest of Augusto Pinochet: General Augusto Pinochet, Chilean dictator from 1973 to 1990, is indicted for human rights violations he committed in Chile by Spanish magistrate Baltasar Garzón.
As creative director for The Transgender Human Rights Institute in Seattle, Jennell Jaquays was involved in the petition to create "Leelah's Law," outlawing conversion therapy of LGBT youth.
Literary Darwinists use concepts from evolutionary biology and the evolutionary human sciences to formulate principles of literary theory and interpret literary texts.
Living Human Treasures thus became eligible for special protection and government support.
The Labor & Human Rights category covers article submissions from sources such as Sweatshop Watch and the National Labor Relations Board that address topics including sweatshops, unions and union busting.
Jedd Beaudoin of PopMatters said, "Ulver creates its own world with this album, exists on its own terms and asks us to consider embracing something that is outside the norm but well within the human experience and worth the journey of transformation it takes us on.
Through its Mining Ombudsman process, Oxfam Australia works to defend against human rights abuses and environmental destruction by Mining companies.
To fulfil this mandate, the Working Group may decide individual complaints of arbitrary detention, formulate deliberations to provide guidance on the interpretation of international standards related to detention circumstances and provide reports for the Human Rights Council.
Meanwhile, Jimmy explains about how ads have evolved over time, becoming smarter and taking human form, in which Leslie is one of them.
The Maldives' economic development was hampered by a lack of land-based resources and human capital, as well as a long-standing feudal structure.
Accordingly, this unit is also the basis of a multi-generational extended family, which is embedded in socially as well as genetically inter-related communities, nations, etc., and ultimately in the whole human family past, present and future.
In 1958, human bones corresponding to 200 bodies were found in Imazu near the defensive structure, with ceramics considered to have been used by those convened for the construction of the wall.
with R. Dreyfus) (Oxford, 2014)	“The Future of Human Rights: From Gatekeeping to Symbiosis,” Sur Journal, Vol.
“A fresh look at the world (and applications) of anthropology,” Indiewire wrote, “‘The Anthropologist’ combines a uniquely human story with a new take on how to use an ever-evolving science.”
Focusing attention onto areas in which human rights have been denied or violated, by collecting, publishing and disseminating data.
Observations on the development of human malarial parasites in the mosquito; factors influencing infection.
Its formation was a response to concerns over the Alliance Party's stance on the constitution being drafted, and the party was deliberately established on United Nations Day to represent its support for the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
He established the institution's human brain tumor tissue bank in 2001.
Oceanic islands such as the Faroe Islands, the Galápagos or the Azores have recorded a significant increase in their Sphagnum populations after human settlement.
After implementation of the Toxic Substances Control Act in 1977, the US Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) required chemicals, new and existing, to be assessed for risks to human health and ecological systems.
As per the Human Development Report for the South 24 Parganas district, published in 2009, in the Bishnupur II CD block the percentage of households below poverty line was 10.62%, a comparatively low level of poverty.
Human rights activists and former prisoners from around the world, led by Sonny Venkatrathnam from South Africa, participated in the tour.
As a human resources director at Danone in the 1990s, Pénicaud made $1.4 million from stock options while cutting 900 jobs in Europe, according to Bloomberg.
In addition, human rights law also applies to armed conflicts and protects all individuals within the jurisdiction of the state.
During winter, flocks tend to forage close to human settlements at the edge of forest, taking primarily wheat leaves and seeds.
The interplay between the human condition, natural processes, and the environment is important in the study of biohistory.
Giles suggests that the demon responsible might be needing the heart (and later, a brain) to keep a human guise, which means the demon could be anyone.
Human remains themselves are used in all branches of archaeology for information on sex, age, occupation, and disease.
When worshiping death gods, such as Mictlantecuhtli, human flesh is consumed around the temple of the ritual.
People can report human rights violations direct to the UN, and also report enforced disappearances.
Bunch spoke about the urgency in establishing the new gender entity and articulated the linkages between gender equality, human rights and the MDGs in an effort to address the gaps on the ground in implementing promises that have been made by governments and the UN.
Menon developed a novel technique to measure androgen receptors in the human prostate.
In 2004, the Institute was renamed the Jane & Terry Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior, and the Stewart & Lynda Resnick Neuropsychiatric Hospital at UCLA was established.
As of 2017, it has an in-house research staff of about 45 researchers, including clinicians, health economists, human scientists, data analysts and statisticians.
Terrorist organizations operate from within civilian population, while cynically exploiting uninvolved civilians and using them as human shields, exploiting their homes to store weapons and launch rockets at Israeli towns from populated areas.
I think that's why songs like that transcend everything, because it's about home and very universal, human things.”
 Too Human – Bragi, Wolf Veteran, Barkeep 
At sites in Africa such as Olduvai, Olorgesailie, Kariandusi, Hopefield, Islmilia, and the Vaal River gravels most genera found were found in stratigraphic association with hand tools wielded by early human ancestors.
 Either of two proposed Human Life Amendments:
Traditionally it was one of the hunting grounds of the Inuit, but there are archaeological remains of more permanent human habitation in ancient times.
It is foreseeable that two self-driving car makes can collide because their algorithm of the law letter is different; a resolvable issue that has been troubling human drivers for decades.
The recognition of shared experiences and feelings among group members and that these may be widespread or universal human concerns, serves to remove a group member's sense of isolation, validate their experiences, and raise self-esteem
Prayer of a Sun Woman (1994) presents elements of human life within the centered image of the sunflower woman.
It also publishes Digest, a monthly newsletter featuring news on human rights issues relevant to the foundation's mission and recent activities.
Poverty, in many cases, is a pipeline to human trafficking and women living in poverty are more exposed to this because they are likely to look for different forms of work to support themselves.
Even if a place was not very convenient for human civilization, but had rich game, yup'ik would settle there.
Shelley is Director of Human Resources at Megabank.
See also: Human rights in Bangladesh
Invasive zebra and quagga mussels are potential threats to the forest's aquatic ecosystems because they can spread rapidly and cover large surface areas, including human structures, thus altering ecosystems, removing native mussels and threatening native fish.
Characteristics of the state-formation process such as nationalism, anti-colonial sentiment, xenophobia and protectionism are used in similar vein by several African governments such as Algeria, Egypt and Côte d'Ivoire to discourage emigration (fearing the loss of human capital) and to restrict immigration or foreigners.
South African Minister for Human Settlement Lindiwe Sisulu during a visit to Delhi said "India is our closest ally in the Asian continent" also added "The purpose of this visit is a gesture from the South African government to thank its Indian counterpart for all the help and support it has extended in our struggle for liberation".
In March 2018, Panama sanctioned 55 public officials, including Saab, and Switzerland implemented sanctions, freezing the assets of seven ministers and high officials, including Saab, due to human rights violations and deteriorating rule of law and democracy.
An example of a famine created by human rights abuses is the 1998 Sudan famine.
To raise public awareness of the disease both to support research and assure human and sensitive support for those infected, realizing that tens of millions of people would be affected by the disease.
The district's Chief of Staff is Dr. Nakia Townes Edwards, the Chief of Human Resources is Mr. Keith Fogleman, the Chief of Schools is Dr. Justin Robertson and the Chief of Operations is Dr. Kenneth Bradshaw.
Across Europe, according to the European Environment Agency, an estimated 113 million people are affected by road traffic noise levels above 55 decibels, the threshold at which noise becomes harmful to human health by the WHO's definition.
The group supported former Secretary General Kofi Annan's declared goal of ending the UN's imbalanced treatment of Israel and has been highly critical of the United Nations Human Rights Council.
In 2021, a survey by the Database Center for North Korean Human Rights and NK Social Research found that 18% of 407 defectors polled were willing to return to North Korea.
George Chryssides identifies the TM movement as one of the  new religious movements "which lacks overtly religious features as traditionally understood" and whose focus is on human potential.
How to Influence States: Socialization and International Human Rights Law, 54 Duke Law Journal 621 (with Derek Jinks).
The main purposes of carrying out the program were the generation of hydroelectric power, controlling flood, making irrigation facilities for dry zone cultivation, settlement of landless and unemployed families by constructing and developing the physical and social infrastructure required for human habitation by using the waters of the Mahaweli River.
The Vivace Human Landing System was a lunar landing concept by aerospace firm Vivace.
The first written records which deal with the subject date from 1912, when the oldest villagers of Stubline still claimed the "old church" legend, but also had certain ideas of some human occupation from "ancient" times.
Also if the state has had a record of serious violations of international human rights laws, as the country is more sensitised to the violence and may be less aware of what is happening around them.
He signed with the record label that year, and Of Human Feelings was released in 1982 on Island's subsidiary jazz label Antilles Records.
The OATP4C1 protein is expressed in the basolateral membrane of the nephron of the human kidney, where it is involved in the uptake of organic anions for elimination in the urine.
Appalled at her new, more "volatile" Kobali personality, Ballard discovers that Voyager is no longer the home she once knew; corridors that she once walked with familiarity are now alien, she is unable to remember her human family due to the Kobali's alterations, and her new Kobali personality is too emotionally volatile.
Human rights in Croatia are defined by the Constitution of Croatia, chapter three, sections 14 through 69.
Cloak made a solo appearance in issues of the miniseries House of M, as a member of an underground human resistance movement.
Also, since its creation in 1969, he has been Chairman of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Population of the Occupied Territories.
Below the eagle are four human figures, facing the four points of the compass and representing First Nations, Inuit and Métis.
It is also responsible for the human immune System and necessary for bone development.
The Human Sciences Research Council found in 2004 that 57% of South Africa's poor were at risk for negative climate change effects because they depended on rain-fed agriculture and climate change in Africa was expected to cause longer and more intense periods of drought over time.
The right to property is one of the most controversial human rights, both in terms of its existence and interpretation.
However, she later has a son, Francis, who is born human.
Considering the wetland's diverse and rich biodiversity, Ramsar Convention has included Ropar Wetland (listed as Ropar Lake) as one of the Ramsar sites among the 42 sites listed under India, for "the conservation of global biological diversity and for sustaining human life through the ecological and hydrological functions they perform."
The blood stains on the flag were tested twice, and both tests showed the stains were from human blood.
 Faculty Of Human Sciences: 3,783
As a postdoc in Palmer's lab, Bernhardt also organized the Ecological Society of America's "Visions" project which identified future priorities for ecological sciences in the 21st century, stating that "Ecological knowledge can and must play a central role in helping achieve a world in which human populations exist within sustainable ecological systems".
If it stumbles in illustrating this lesson, it also opens its author's ears to a new, richly human music."
Under the Obama administration, these cost sharing reduction payments were paid out because the Department of Health and Human Services argued that the premium tax credits and the cost sharing reductions were "economically and programmatically integrated" in the Affordable Care Act, and so the appropriation that covers the premium tax credits also allowed HHS to pay CSR payments.
Although the M48 and M77 SNPs have long been considered to be phylogenetically equivalent, marking the same clade of the human Y-DNA phylogeny, the C3c2-B90 clade has been found to be positive for the M48 mutation, but negative for the M77 mutation.
In some depictions, the nahual possesses reptilian claws, while other depictions portray the figure with human hands.
The seeds are consumed by birds and animals, and can be a favoured part of the human diet when prepared correctly.
Smith's insight suggests that the huge increases in productivity obtainable from technology or technological progress are possible because human and physical capital are matched, usually in an organisation.
Earth Defenders and Global Defense monsters remove the crystals, defeat the mutants, run off the Vortaak, and are congratulated by the human forces.
While the fields of artificial intelligence (AI), statistical analysis, machine learning, and business intelligence offer an additional narrative, the main historical roots of analytics are the ones directly related to human interaction and the education system.
During the 2nd century C.100 -C.200 it was the first time human civilisation was introduced to material of cork, and it was only until the 19th century when cork was widely used leading to major industrial production.
She subsequently received a visit from Bishop and Sage and, after a series of events involving an investigation into the murder of a human girl's family, Rogue and Gambit signed up with Bishop and Sage to help Storm's X-Treme X-Men stop Sage's enemy and former boss Elias Bogan.
[14] Fant M, Weisoly DL, Cocchia M, Huber R, Khan S, Lunt T, Schlessinger D.  2002  PLAC1, a trophoblast-specific gene, is expressed throughout pregnancy in the human placenta and modulated by keratinocyte growth factor.
Wesch is a cultural anthropologist and media ecologist exploring the effects of new media on human interaction.
The human coronavirus 229E shared a common ancestor with a bat coronavirus (GhanaGrp1 Bt CoV) between 1686 and 1800 CE.
Japan has held its human rights record in immensely high standing, strictly observing basic freedoms such the freedom of assembly, association, and expression.
In human adults, the normal blood level of antithrombin activity has been measured to be around 1.1 units/mL.
Between 2000 and 2001, he served on the European Parliament’s Temporary Committee on Human Genetics and Other New Technologies in Modern Medicine.
The Human Spaceflight Laboratory is also equipped with a clinostat, an autoclave, a laminar flow cabinet, microscopes, medical diagnosis and surgery tools, and other laboratory equipment to provide realistic hands-on training on the experiments performed in space by astronauts.
Movies, Gwynne Watkins penned "There’s little doubt that Ariel’s crush on Prince Eric strengthens her resolve to be part of the human world.
Most of the documents reached the West and were published by other human rights groups.
The illustration she used of the Cogul painting leaves out a number of figures, human and animal, and the original is more likely a sequence of superimposed but unrelated illustrations, rather than a depiction of a single scene.
 better known by his alias  is a human mad scientist and the main antagonist of the series.
The aim of the chair is to "create greater awareness, promotion and advocacy of global peace including the protection of human rights and criminalization of war."
Jenner had been in communication with other facilities worldwide before they went silent, knowing the French had been close to a cure, but affirms that human civilization is ceasing to exist.
An abdominal mass is any localized enlargement or swelling in the human abdomen.
In the 1730s,  Carl Linnaeus in his introduction of systematic taxonomy recognized four main human subspecies, termed
Major threats to the survival of the species include pollution, loss of habitats due to human actions, and invasive species.
In her book Technoculture: The Key Concepts, Debra Benita Shaw "outlines the place of science and technology in today's culture" and "explores the power of scientific ideas, their impact on how we understand the natural world and how successive technological developments have influenced our attitudes to work, art, space, language and the human body."
The statues of human figures of the Neo-Sumerian period were known for their distinct eyebrows, lips, and fingers.
 Palestine Polytechnic University College of Human Medicine
During a Sixth Round second-leg tie between Bolton and Stoke City on 9 March 1946, a human crush killed 33 spectators.
Rapid Fading (transitoriness): Wave forms of human language dissipate over time and do not persist.
His sculptures are cleanly painted with clan designs and finished with feathers, human hair, or other such natural attachments.
Sahar Francis of Addameer ("Conscience"), a Palestinian Prisoner Support and Human Rights NGO, has claimed that the detention of major Palestinian cultural figures reflects an objective to repress civil society in Palestine, undermine the growth of its soft power by systematically erasing anything east of Jerusalem that expresses symbolically or otherwise a desire for self-determination.
The Lizard is bombarded by the rays and mutates back to human form.
In 2007, Lewis received the World Citizenship Award, from the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts, as well as the Health and Human Rights Leadership Award from Doctors of the World-USA.
He noted that “organizations are essentially arbitrary definitions of reality woven in symbols and expressed in language” he argued that organizations could not be described as independent entities from human will and perception.
We, the human beings: 27 contemporary native American artists, Wooster Art Museum.
The lighting of the four super columns which support the stadium's retractable roof uses programmable LED lights that fade up and down the columns in subtly shifting patterns, evoking the rhythm of a human breath.
Unlike Magu and Naputaaku, Uneras is knowledgeable and curious about modern human society.
Mathematical Theory of Human Relations: An Approach to Mathematical Biology of Social Phenomena.
Beyond the African Charter on Human and People's Rights, the Constitution of South Africa also contains express freedoms of movement, in section 21 of Chapter 2.
It offers a minor in Jewish Studies and Social Justice (JSSJ), an annual Social Justice Lecture, an annual Human Rights Lecture, an annual Social Justice Passover Seder, intermittent films, presentations, and workshops, a study-abroad course, and Ulpan San Francisco.
The United States Department of Agriculture initiated a program to encourage agricultural production and human consumption of peanuts in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Scientists and physicians have raised alarm at the human cost of HIV/AIDS denialism, which discourages HIV-positive people from using proven treatments.
Human Conditions is the second album by English singer-songwriter, Richard Ashcroft.
Human Rights in Canadian Foreign Policy.
The first living cells on Earth were human cells.
Also known as selective tooth agenesis (STHAG), it is the most common disorder in regard to human dentition, affecting a little less than one fourth of the population.
Soltau reported: "The newly arrived doctors and nurses, inured to all manner of human suffering and more or less prepared for working under bad conditions, were struck dumb by the horror of it all."
Pharmaceutical discovery from large databases of DNA sequences, including the human gut microbiome, though high-throughput pathway recoding and DNA synthesis.
Harris co-founded the ‘New Human Realists for New Traditional Art’ with Prof. David Morris, former Royal Academy Art Historian.
President Donald Trump dropped the human rights conditions last year.
Researchers matched the post-mortem skin injuries of a human corpse to the mouthparts of such beetles and, in doing so, revealed necrophagous activity in the dermis and epidermis.
The energies intimated in these works are beyond human control, bigger than all of us” Drew is known for creating reflective abstract sculptural works that play upon the dystopic tension between order and chaos.
In February 2018, Bezos was elected to the National Academy of Engineering for "leadership and innovation in space exploration, autonomous systems, and building a commercial pathway for human space flight".
He later revealed he had planned to use the photos to illustrate a copy of the Kama Sutra, the classic Indian treatise on human sexuality.
He asserts that money is created by the conversion of free human interactions into paid services.
He is best known for Eagle's minimal essential medium, which is important in understanding how human and mammalian cells reproduce.
The human gene encodes a protein of unknown function; however, it may play a role in basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor activity.
Anyone whose human rights have been violated."
4 June: a study published in Science Advances concluded that previous estimates of  emissions caused by human cultivation of peatlands from 1750—2018 should be increased by 18% to account for emissions from cultivated northern peatlands in calculating the carbon budget.
During this time, Death, yearning to relish what being human is like, travels to Ankh-Morpork to indulge in new experiences, including getting drunk, dancing, gambling and finding a job.
 Chemical Cycles and the Global Environment – Assessing Human Influences with R. M. Garrels, C. Hunt (1973, 1974, 1975) 
 February 19 - Botswana ends diplomatic relations with North Korea following a United Nations report on the latter's human rights record.
It also collects length of employment, job titles, "location information", and "other kinds of human resources-related information, such as health care provider, whether someone has dental insurance and if they’ve ever filed an unemployment claim."
Galloway, his native wife Tylara (the Eqetassa of Chelm), and Gwen Tremaine, the "wife" of the human pilot who brought the Terrans to Tran, are determined that the knowledge that will allow Tran to climb beyond the late Roman Empire level will survive the inevitable bombings.
Romantic love is the mechanism through which long-term mate choice occurs in human females.
Dansey became a member of the Human Rights Commission in 1978.
with Kenneth Roth of Human Rights Watch, on the Council on Foreign Relations Web site (6/06).
Fujian flu refers to flu caused by either a Fujian human flu strain of the H3N2 subtype of the Influenza A virus or a Fujian bird flu strain of the H5N1 subtype of the Influenza A virus.
The Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo () is a human rights organization with the goal of finding the children stolen and illegally adopted during the 1976–1983 Argentine military dictatorship.
This painting by an unknown Italian artist of the 17th or early 18th century portrays the Biblical couple, along with a large unidentified male face at the top, and a large human skull at the bottom.
Only 17 elements are known for certain to be necessary to human life, with one additional element (fluorine) thought to be helpful for tooth enamel strength.
The group hid in nearby bushes, with Ram Singh imitating the cries of a human child to attract the wolf.
Featured speakers included trans rights activist and actress Angelica Ross, trans rights activist Ashlee Marie Preston and Human Rights Campaign president Alphonso David.
Minister of Justice and Human Rights Hernán Larraín has acknowledged that preventive prison is used in a wrongful way in Chile.
Stubblefield currently leads efforts to recover and analyze human remains associated with the Tulsa race massacre of 1921, which destroyed a flourishing Black community and left up to 300 people dead.
The Mishnah interpreted  to prohibit a creditor from taking in security not only millstones, but everything employed in the preparation of food for human consumption.
Moreover, mobilization human resource is replenished with males who reached the age of 27 years old and, herewith, was not in military service for any reasons.
Mission 21, an organization based in Rochester, provides services for child prostitutes and human trafficking victims who are younger than 16 years old, and refers those 16 and older to Breaking Free.
Operant conditioning, in his opinion, better described human behavior as it examined causes and effects of intentional behavior.
Sari meanwhile, notices an injury that exposes mechanical components under her skin, revealing that she is not completely human.
Haplogroup T-L206, also known as haplogroup T1, is a human Y-chromosome DNA haplogroup.
So he took the initiative to establish the International Campaign for Tibet (ICT) as a way to be able to have a real presence which works to promote human rights and democratic freedoms for the people of Tibet while working with the US Government and the European Parliament.
 Grudzewski W.M., Hejduk I.K., Sankowska A., Wańtuchowicz M., Trust Management in Virtual Work Environments: A Human Factors Perspective, CRC Press Taylor & Francis Group, 2008, p. 38
She has undertaken and won several landmark strategic litigation and human rights advocacy cases in Mongolia, which have reformed the legal system, such as the following cases:
Unlike demons or the Red Templars, the Venatori are the main human faction in Inquisition who do not have the benefit of innate supernatural abilities or powers aside from its spellcasting members.
United Nation's Human Rights Award (1978)
4449; 113th Congress), a bill that would require regular training and briefings for some federal government personnel to raise awareness of human trafficking and help employees spot cases of it.
Large mobile cities created by unknown forces sheltering the human population from pollutants.
His best novels of this period were The Man Hamilton (1928), Men Are Human (1930), The Passage (1930) and The Swayne Family (1934).
Reports that cyanuric acid may be an independently and potentially widely used adulterant in China have heightened concerns for both animal and human health.
Satellite observations are an essential input to numerical weather prediction systems and also assist the human forecaster in the diagnosis of potentially hazardous weather developments.
These carvings depict mythological sea creatures, human figures, and animals that are symbolic of the spiritual and cultural history of the Coast Salish and Snuneymuxw First Nations.
Therefore, the worldwide human population density is 7 billion ÷  = .
Orbison's version was featured in the movie Star Trek: First Contact as the favorite song on the jukebox of Zefram Cochrane (James Cromwell); played by Cochrane while meeting with the Vulcans who landed on Earth after detecting  his first warp flight, the song is the first element of Human culture shared with an alien race.
The earliest evidence of human activity in Stalybridge is a flint scraper from the late Neolithic/early Bronze Age.
In February 1947, the Commission established a special Universal Declaration of Human Rights Drafting Committee, chaired by Eleanor Roosevelt of the United States, to write the articles of the Declaration.
The Open Society Foundations organization states: "sex work is done by consenting adults, where the act of selling or buying sexual services is not a violation of human rights.
They discovered eight fossilised human teeth, stone and bone tools, as well as several hundred fossilised animal bones, more than 70,000 sea shells and evidence of ancient fires.
He added: "They have become technically more accomplished, more human in understanding and they now have a density that is rare in contemporary portraiture."
 Jan Riordan ~ a LLL Leader, RN, EdD, IBCLC, co-authored Breastfeeding and Human Lactation, one of the main texts on breastfeeding education, with Katherine G. Auerbach, PhD, LLL Leader, in 1993 and 1996, and with Karen Wambach in 2009.
Currently, she is Full Professor at the Department of Human Genetics, Faculty of Medicine, McGill University (2009-), and is an Associate Member of the Faculty of Law (2011) and the Biomedical Ethics Unit (2013).
The Value of Human Life in Soviet Warfare, New York: Routledge.
The Imperial Guard are constantly at war, freeing worlds from Chaotic or alien influence, or defending them from the same, or most often putting down rebellions or other human based enemies of the Imperium.
The novel is characterized by a mix of eroticism, philosophical ponderings on the human condition  and psychological insight, social criticism and cold descriptions of moral failures.
Sat visits Alberic the Old (the magician from Bad Dreams) to make use of his transformation spells to make his appearance more human and to get rid of the flies.
Since CpG islands contain multiple CpG dinucleotide sequences, there appear to be more than 20 million CpG dinucleotides in the human genome.
His team was the first to fit a learned 3D human body model to multi-camera image data at CVPR 2007, under clothing at ECCV 2008, from a single image at ICCV 2009, and from RGB-D data at ICCV 2011.
Subjects studied by maritime sociology are human activities at and with the sea such as seafaring, fisheries, maritime and coastal tourism, off-shore extraction, deep-sea mining, or marine environmental conservation.
Mr. Hooper ranked first of all human characters of the show in recognition by young viewers.
People, history, memory, this geography and soundscape of nature and culture --from our human heart beat to the rhythms of the moon and oceans-- how infinitely complex yet so fundamental.” 
YB Datuk Awang Hashim, Deputy Minister of Human Resources (2020 - Incumbent) & Member of Parliament for Pendang.
Eventually, the crew was able to create a breakaway section that "suggested, rather than outlined perfectly", the shape of a human body.
The 2011 report from the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights commented on the continuing developments in the scandal: 'Investigations continued on former directors for illegal surveillance between 2005 and 2008.
The field of applications of impact theory ranges from the optimization of material processing, impact testing, dynamics of granular media to medical applications related to the biomechanics of the human body, especially the hip- and knee-joints.
Similar to dogs, wolves can also follow more complex point types made with body parts other than the human arm and hand (e.g.
Human rights groups have criticized the organizations for being vigilantes who have murdered people without trials.
The role and presence of O. formigenes in the human gut is an area of active research.
In such a sense, biometrics could play a pivotal role in supporting and promoting respect for human dignity and fundamental rights.
In 2005, she defended Heritage Front leader Marc Lemire before the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal against a complaint filed against him by Richard Warman.
The power is limited to levels that do not damage human retinas.
Tuck is a Replicated Organic, an artificial human created on a planet called Lionheart.
The trial was carried out in the Institute of Human Brain, a scientific organization, but controversial for its interest in extrasensory perception.
Kashmir human shield incident occurred on April 9, 2017 in Jammu and Kashmir during the Srinagar Lok Sabha by-election.
There are many instances in which the degree of negative value of a human difference depends completely on the social or physical environment.
(2007) , published by OSCE's Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights.
Although used in traditional medicine and as a dietary supplement, there is no good evidence that consuming ginger or its extracts has any effect on human health or as a treatment for diseases.
This venom should pose no threat to a healthy adult human, only feeling like a bee sting.
She is also known to be actively involved in the field of human rights and was the head of children's rights committee for the United Nations.
If Savin was indeed aged 126 when he died, in Russia, where he had resided for more than eighty years, he would be the longest-lived man on record, and the longest-lived human of any gender.
His mother’s drug abuse led Philadelphia’s department of human services to place him into the custody of his maternal grandfather, Cornelius Ellis.
Inugami declares his intention to recruit members for the Night Parade of One Hundred Demons, an army of Atavists that have lost their human sanity and become senseless yōkai subject to his command.
The art of narrative can be taught, like every other human activity.
The full-fledged building was handed over to the Ministry of Education and Human Resources by the Ministry of Infrastructure on 13 November 2003.
During this period of this time, Paley also contributed several comic strips for the Voluntary Human Extinction Movement, of which she is a member and occasional spokesperson.
 In 1970, Royston earned an MD from Johns Hopkins University, after receiving a BA in Human Biology from JHU in 1967.
Socionics model of human being.
She has also been an active campaigner for human rights in Africa and Europe, and co-edited with Kelly Coate and Suki Ali the book Global Feminist Politics: Identities in a Changing World (Routledge, 2001).
They are still considered as the cornerstone of modern ethology, sociobiology and transdisciplinarity in Human Sciences.
In human neutrophils, the phagolysosomes destroy pathogens also by producing hypochlorous acid.
The oldest-known human settlement in the area dates to about 7,000 years ago.
Analogous to the Russell Tribunal by Amnesty International, the cripple tribunal has denounced human rights violations of disabled people.
By the end of 2014, Efacec Power Solutions has become a group of companies that meet all the production resources, technologies and technical skills and human resource for the development of activities in the fields of Energy Solutions, Engineering, Environment, Transport and Electric Mobility, covering a vast network of subsidiaries, branches and agents across the four continents.
She was told that the local Te Rarawa, Ngapuhi and Te Roroa iwi (tribes) had stories they had grown up with about human remains washing up on the beaches and being buried in urupa (burial-places).
In 1917 he had shown that capillaries had independent contractions and he now investigated the response of the skin to injury, leading to the 1927 monograph The Blood Vessels of the Human Skin and their Responses.
However, it was later retconned by the 1996 Sabrina sitcom that Sabrina is a "half-witch" (her mother is an ordinary human, or "mortal" as witches refer to them, while her father is a warlock).
However radiocarbon gave dates as early as 3705 BC on wooden tools and  2874 BC on human remains.
Squirrels, raccoons, coyotes and skunks begin to colonize human buildings.
More than Human (2003–04)
In 2018, when Andhra Pradesh Police released a training manual on investigation in Human trafficking by then Director-General of police, R. P. Thakur in the presence of Social activist and Padma Shri awardee, Sunitha Krishnan, Sanjay was present and reaffirmed the commitment of Police force to include the manual in Syllabi'' of Police Training Colleges across the State.
The Church Conquerant over Human Wit, St. Omer, 1638, a reply to William Chillingworth's Religion of Protestants.
 Sergei Korolev, the father of the Soviet space program, inventor of the first intercontinental ballistic missile and the first space rocket (R-7 Semyorka), creator of the first satellite (Sputnik), supervisor of the first human spaceflight
The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services (MDHHS) is a principal department of state of Michigan, headquartered in Lansing, that provides public assistance, child and family welfare services, and oversees health policy and management.
On 11 July 2020, the company issued a press release, announcing departures which include the voluntary resignations of Hascoët, Yannis Mallat, the managing director of Ubisoft's Canadian studios, and Cécile Cornet, the company's global head of human resources.
The HVP concept was conceived by Richard Cotton, a leader in the field of human genetic variation.
Ambassador Soval informs T'Pol that her assignment on Enterprise has been terminated by the High Command, who deem this to be purely a human matter.
Tytus speaks and thinks like a human being and even attends public school together with his  friends.
It is cruel to human beings".
Human Error by Eric Pfeffinger
Minerva is not, so her transformations were part curse and part blessing, as she experiences severe pain and physical disability while in her human form and bloodthirsty euphoria while in her cat form.
This early  work by Caidin includes a discussion of bionics, the replacement of human body parts with machinery.
Deutsch refers to Stephen Hawking's quote: "The human race is just a chemical scum on a moderate-sized planet, orbiting around a very average star in the outer suburb of one among a hundred billion galaxies".
Numerous Russian politicians spoke out against Lapshin’s extradition to Azerbaijan, such as Tatyana Moskalkova, Commissioner for Human Rights in the Russian Federation, who called the incident a gross violation of the rights of journalists.
Arns predicted that Boff's examination would produce no "surrender" because "The liberation of the poor is an aspiration rooted in human dignity.
Studies using human subjects have  found that hippocampal volume decreases with decreasing plasma levels of BDNF.
By magic, his wish is granted, but every other day he must take the form of a dog, Kambyses, that belongs to the Archduke Ludwig; and alternating daily between human and canine form, he travels from Vienna to Florence along with the Archduke's troops, and there has to lead a unique double life.
Sample panels included full human bodies, headless bodies, and single body parts.
In 1959, Freeman Dyson observed that every developing human civilization constantly increases its energy consumption, and, he conjectured, a civilization might try to harness a large part of the energy produced by a star.
Judson features graduate programs in architecture, education, Clinical Mental Health Counseling, Human Services Administration, Organizational Leadership, Business Administration, Leadership in Ministry and the Doctor of Education in Literacy programs.
The artist had earlier been preoccupied with the nature of evil and the duality of human nature, but seemingly emerged and found hope through the ideal of salvation through Christ.
In 1977, he passed a law prohibiting hunting on the island and started developing it as a wildlife preserve in his "Greening of the Desert" program, which was designed to help make the deserts more suitable for human settlement and provide a haven for many of Arabia's endangered wildlife species.
There is evidence of human occupation from the Mesolithic.
In what was once Bolivia freed Human and D-Bees slave soldiers, of the race called "Dakir", have formed the "Megaversal Legion": a mercenary company with one of the highest levels of technology on Rifts Earth (possibly even the Megaverse).
Mark Sealy  (born 1960) is a British curator and cultural historian with a special interest in the relationship of photography to social change, identity politics and human rights.
People of the North Portal (1970-1971) captures the reactions of people exiting Chicago’s Museum of Science and Industry – this series focuses on the human experience.
The Declaration aims to address UN failings in consistently applying its Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In this capacity, his responsibilities included major international security and political issues, especially in the framework of the UN Security Council, the UN General Assembly, and the United Nations Human Rights Council, as well as the Council of the European Union, NATO, the G8, and OSCE.
Recent research implicating human papillomavirus (HPV) in the development of AKs suggests that HPV prevention might in turn help prevent development of AKs, as UV-induced mutations and oncogenic transformation are likely facilitated in cases of active HPV infection.
Reduced bone mineral density was considered, but dismissed because the human evidence was contradictory.
He also found that much of the effect was due to natural aerosols which would not be affected by human activities, so the cooling effect of changes in industrial pollution would be much less than he had calculated.
SATEC has many student clubs for interests such as athletics, human rights, DECA and Model United Nations.
This seems to imply that the human soul cannot exist apart from the body.
Works such as Malory's Le Morte D’Arthur, the Witch World series by Andre Norton, and More Than Human by Theodore Sturgeon are examined in depth.
These scenes served to denounce the human rights violations of the Pinochet regime.
The near side of the tunnel has one angel carrying a human soul towards the pearly gates.
As noted above, to a great extent, Nussbaum's Central Human Capabilities address issues of equality, political freedom, creativity and the right to the self, as do the various indices that are based on capabilities.
She is part of an international Working Group on Human Asphyxia set up by the Canadian forensic scientist Anny Sauvageau.
In December 2020, she announced that she had been accepted to Waseda University's School of Human Sciences and would start attending via correspondence course from spring 2021.
Higgins was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Human Letters from Sacred Heart University (2008), and an Honorary Doctorate of Laws from the University of Waterloo (2013).
Trepanning, also known as trepanation, trephination, trephining or making a burr hole (the verb trepan derives from Old French from Medieval Latin trepanum from Greek trúpanon, literally "borer, auger"), is a surgical intervention in which a hole is drilled or scraped into the human skull.
 Human Resource directorate (D.P.M.G.N.)
and thereby improving the human environment.
Overt security feature, such as a security hologram or optically variable ink, can be verified  by an untrained user with human senses (typically by eyesight).
It does not expound human doctrines, but lays much emphasis on God's law.
Chromatic adaptation describes the ability of human color perception to abstract from the white point (or color temperature) of the illuminating light source when observing a reflective object.
During a local radio show in July 2010, Fenty criticized Gray for mismanaging the Department of Human Services .
While taking some steps to allow limited economic exchanges with Cuba, American President Barack Obama nevertheless reaffirmed the policy in 2011, stating that without the granting of improved human rights and freedoms by Cuba's current government, the embargo remains "in the national interest of the United States".
 For Indicator 1.4.1: United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-HABITAT)
These types of secondary burials in funerary Urns seem to be the most common forms of the ceremony of burials; but in recent years that applied analysis on human bones unearthed some urns from different sites in the metropolitan area of Managua and the country found skeletal remains belong to 2 or 3 dismembered individuals, deposited in a same Urn.
Malta is a democratic republic whose human rights are constitutionally defined.
Blumenau, compared to other Brazilian cities, has a very high Human Development Index, 0.855 as of 2000.
It was shown in the book that they can remain in the 'nest', and look out, acting like human eyes, in that they provide a 'live feed' of information.
Under Lal, corporate policies regarding multiple aspects of human resource management were framed.
There are two human preprotachykinins:
The first haircut for a human has special significance in certain cultures and religions.
In the episode, the human fleet encounters the Battlestar Pegasus, commanded by Admiral Helena Cain.
This industrial dispute is widely recognised within the industry, and workers will continue to use their human right to withdraw labour until the industry itself treats financial inequality in the same vain as all other abuses.”
Human rights literature is committed to society and believes that each one of us has moral duty and power to make a social change.
The National Geographic Antarctica expedition allowed him to be the first human to set foot on the Iceberg B-15.
Framing his political programme as a matter of fundamental rights, Boganda coined the Sango phrase zo kwe zo, which translated to "every human being is a person".
The BBC reported that people close to him did not believe the official reason for arrest, instead saying that Albán was arrested for presenting information about human rights violations in Venezuela during the assembly.
Reaching this decision by standard means for strategic inferences (iterated elimination of dominated strategies or IEDS) would, in GTS and formal dialogues, be equivalent to solving the Halting Problem and exceeds the reasoning abilities of human agents.
Workmanship is considered to have been a valued human attribute even in prehistoric times.
However, the Brand required a living being's will in order to control it, and when placed in an inanimate object, a flood of power was released, infusing many human beings with a fraction of the Star Brand's energies.
It was first noted in a human with meningoencephalitis in 1975 by Marlowe et al.
This traditional story told of a Nakoda who was transformed into a mountain by Iktomni (the Trickster, or the Old Man) so that they would remain on this Earth long after human beings cease to inhabit it.
 October 15 – China successfully launches Shenzhou 5, their first manned space mission, becoming the third country in the world to have independent human spaceflight capability after the Soviet Union and the United States.
1972 United Nations Conference on the Human Environment, leading role of Nobel Prize winning-West German Chancellor Willy Brandt and Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme, West Germany saw enhanced international research cooperation on the greenhouse topic as necessary
In April 2018, with representation from the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, Dumpson filed a lawsuit alleging violations of the District of Columbia Human Rights Act of 1977 and the D.C. Bias-Related Crimes Act of 1989 against Andrew Anglin, Evan James McCarty, and Brian Andrew Ade.
The tasks would consist of an integral human rights part in training and capacity-building carried out by the operation.
Although there has been preliminary clinical research on whether green or black teas may protect against various human diseases, there is no evidence that tea polyphenols have any effect on health or lowering disease risk.
Sia, as he is known, travels throughout Sweden and gives presentations at schools, businesses and public organizations on the "equal dignity of all human beings."
In Organization Design, Levels of Work and Human Capability: Executive Guide.
This book goes into greater depth on the third: the role of US and European churches, academics, think-tanks, foundations, government and human rights groups in fostering separation of the identities of Dravidian and Dalit communities from the rest of India.
This, and an ensuing ground invasion, killed nearly every human in the facility, including their father and sister.
Plaugic saw Coach as "not unlike" the world of dating applications, which "collect enough data to effectively push products at users, or predict human behavior", including apps "that collect data about your dates to determine whether you actually like them".
He believes the council has focused disproportionately on activities and publications criticizing Israel in comparison with other human rights issues The council members have been characterized by Israel's former justice minister Amnon Rubinstein as anti-Zionist, saying "they just hate Israel."
To design programs that can enhance human creativity without necessarily being creative themselves.
His most highly regarded poem, The Vanity of Human Wishes, was written with such "extraordinary speed" that Boswell claimed Johnson "might have been perpetually a poet".
She is ignorant towards the human realm due to little interaction and as such does not understand things like why Haruhiko wouldn't sleep with Eukanaria despite sharing the same bed.
Today, fMRI is often combined with MEG for creating functional maps of human cortex during more complex cognitive tasks, as the methods complement each other.
It also serves as one of organisations that prevents duplicate publication concerning human rights protection and promotion.
The group work together and defeat Zophar using their human strengths, thus freeing Lucia and restoring peace.
Very little human habitats are there inside this community reserve forest, since histrocal and socio-religious beliefs have conserved and protected this place.
Melissa Shingles, a former senior management specialist at PHA, filed a complaint with the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission in 2004.
Grassmann's law (optics), an empirical result about human color perception: that chromatic sensation can be described in terms of an effective stimulus consisting of linear combinations of different light colors.
This PKHD1 is located on the human chromosome region 6p21.1-6p12.2.
While Haydn's work dealt with human creativity only as a subtext to the Biblical creation story, it is central to Theofanidis' oratorio.
After rejoining the human social world, she develops a blunt, no-nonsense personality, while adjusting to teenage life as a fish out of water.
A founder member of the Civil Rights Movement, Prof Goonesekera headed the Nadesan Centre for Human Rights through Law and became Deputy President of the Bar Council in 1993.
This work, mixing fantastic, naturalistic, religions and mythological themes, deals with human concern towards the universe.
The forests experienced limited human disturbance prior to the 1940s, but were badly damaged by Hurricane Flora in 1963.
There are two associated metabolites of cocaine, benzoylecgonine (BZ) and ecgonine methyl ester (EME), the first (BZ) is created by the presence of cocaine in an aqueous solution with a pH greater than 7.0, while the second (EME) results from the actual human metabolic process.
Some also respond to text chat, and human responses to them can influence their choice of tactics.
Gray wolves scent rub to a large variety of odors including urine, perfumes, repellant, ashes, human handled objects, food, and resting sites.
However, the etymology, as it is currently used in academic writing, is mostly associated with the human potential movement of the 1960s and the founders of the field of transpersonal psychology; Anthony Sutich, Abraham Maslow and Stanislav Grof.
He was a lead author for the chapter on human vulnerability to environmental change for GEO (Global Environment Outlook)-  4, the flagship publication of UNEP, the United Nations Environment Programme.
T. S. Eliot, a Nobel Prize–winning poet, had this to say about Blake and his Songs of Innocence: "The Songs of Innocence and of Experience, and the poems from the Rossetti manuscript, are the poems of a man with a profound interest in human emotions, and a profound knowledge of them.
For HIV infection that has not previously been treated, the United States Department of Health and Human Services Panel on Antiretroviral Guidelines recommends the use of efavirenz in combination with tenofovir/emtricitabine (Truvada) as one of the preferred NNRTI-based regimens in adults and adolescents and children.
Legally, the Quaddies are not classed as human but as "post-fetal experimental tissue cultures".
Writing in 2002, D'souza said "If the Christian Church in India does not abolish caste within the Church and closes its doors to the Dalits because of the pressure of the Brahminical dominated RSS and its fundamentalist affiliates, the Dalits will turn to whoever offers them human dignity, equality and the right to spiritual salvation...
Hebo was worshiped at various times as an object of human sacrifice and as a figure in the imperial cult.
Nifuroxazide was found to be bio-activated by ALDH1 enzymes, and shown to selectively kill ALDH1-High melanoma cells in experimental human cell systems and mouse models.
In modernity, the guarantor of truth is not God anymore but human beings, each of whom is a "self-conscious shaper and guarantor" of their own reality.
Ogulsapar Muradova (Turkmen: Огулсапар Мурадова; 1948 — 2006) was a Turkmen human rights activist and Radio Free Europe journalist.
The company uses Centrellis™, their health analytics platform, to build predictive models of human health and generate personalized medicine insights.
Since human hearing range is roughly 20 Hz to 20,000 Hz, the sampling rate had to be greater than 40 kHz.
She reaches a river where women are washing clothes, and sees her husband, now human.
According to the Gnostic Gospels, Jesus was merely a human prophet, not a demigod.
It related to "certain aspects of the laws on the use of languages in education in Belgium",  was decided by the European Court of Human Rights in 1968.
The effects of carbon tetrachloride on human health and the environment have been assessed under REACH in 2012 in the context of the substance evaluation by France.
Although TMG supplementation decreases the amount of adipose tissue in pigs, research on human subjects has shown no effect on body weight, body composition, or resting energy expenditure when used in conjunction with a low calorie diet.
 Pathetic fallacy: Ruskin coined this term in Modern Painters III (1856) to describe the ascription of human emotions to inanimate objects and impersonal natural forces, as in "Nature must be gladsome when I was so happy" (Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre).
Main focus of STAP is in providing a functionally-equivalent task experience for human and computational users alike.
In Timeline, news anchor Steve Bell (a real-life news anchor, playing himself) and four ethnically diverse field reporters – "Siboletto of Zimbabwe" (Fran Dorn), "Owen of Canarfon" (Robert Bathurst), "Luis de Jaen" (Iñaki Aierra) and "Selim Karasi" (Engin Cezzar) – report from six watershed events in human history between 1066 and 1492.
In mechanical engineering, robotics, and biomechanics kinematics is used to describe the motion of systems composed of joined parts (multi-link systems) such as an engine, a robotic arm or the human skeleton.
Yet while people from the developed world today are living longer and healthier lives, many are choosing to have just a few or no children at all, meaning evolutionary forces continue to act on the human gene pool, just in a different way.
Interaction of the New Ketolide ABT-773 (Cethromycin) with Human Polymorphonuclear Neutrophils and the Phagocytic Cell Line PLB-985 In Vitro.
He is also a commissioner at the Zimbabwean Human Rights Commission and chairs the Thematic Working group on Socio-Economic and Cultural Rights.
With both deadly robot troops and human traitors to defeat, it seems the future of the entire empire hangs in the balance...
Turkish human rights activist Sait Çetinoğlu marked the support of Turkish authorities to Azerbaijan and called it a policy when the "genocide is exported out of borders of the state".
At age 66, when most people are retiring, Brockman accepted a position at Kansas State University in the College of Human Ecology's Department of Clothing and Textiles teaching fashion design.
The plant's sap is toxic to rapidly replicating human tissue, and has long been used as a traditional remedy for common skin lesions.
However, Isaura thought to make decorative human figures, with the husband began drawing on paper and she executed.
He is often invited to participate in TV and radio debates as a human rights activist, civil society activist or expert on global, geostrategic, geopolitic and security issues.
Portability of Funding for Health and Human Services (1998) – legislation enables individuals with disabilities to receive funding to move them out of institutions and into the community.
These works are for narrator and full orchestra, intended to be broadcast over the radio (since a human voice would not be able to be heard over the full volume of an orchestra).
The underlying cause may be a dysfunctional molecular mechanism in the primary cilia structures of the cell, organelles which are present in many cellular types throughout the human body.
The company hoped that GRNOPC1, a product derived from human embryonic stem cells, would stimulate nerve growth in patients with debilitating damage to the spinal cord.
This occurs when the orangutang—a species whose culture is oft defined by grooming—takes on the human ritual of shaving.
In April 2015, a leaked UN report revealed that human rights investigators had heard claims from children as young as nine, living in internal displacement camps, that they had been sexually exploited, including by rape and sodomy, by French soldiers in exchange for food.
Forty-five percent of human somatic oncogenes seem to be regulated by bidirectional promoters – significantly more than non-cancer causing genes.
 Cheddar Man, the oldest complete human skeleton in Britain
Excavations have recovered stone artefacts, numerous animal bone remains, hearths, bone artefacts and human skeletal remains.
Speed is a mutant with the power to move and accelerate at speeds far beyond those of normal human beings.
The conflict has received the attention of international human rights organizations such as Amnesty International, who have criticized the Chilean government's treatment of the Mapuche.
During the war of Lanka, the war skills of human beings and monkeys (along with those of Shri Rama and Hanuman) lead to the end of demon warriors like Meghnad, Kumbhakarna, and Ravan.
According to archaeologists, first human settlements appeared in today Wolbórz in c. 4000 BC.
CABs are especially associated with clinical research, in which case they review the clinical research ethics associated with the human subject research which a medical research institution conducts.
Fimbriae are formed of a protein called pilin (antigenic) and are responsible for the attachment of bacteria to specific receptors on human cells (cell adhesion).
Onome studied Human Kinetics Department at Tai Solarin University of Education (TASUED).
The concept of sustainability was presented for the first time at The World Conservation Strategy, IUCN, 1980: "This is the kind of development that provides real improvements in the quality of human life and at the same time conserves the vitality and diversity of the Earth.
Lycanthropy is the mythological ability or power of a human being to undergo transformation into an animal like state, such as a werewolf.
They have developed systems consisting of large teams drone planes that pilot themselves, automatically decide who is "suspicious" and how to go about monitoring them, coordinate their activities with other drones nearby, and notify human operators if something suspicious is occurring.
First published in 1796, Inchbald's two-volume novel considers the influence of education, social conventions, gender conditioning, and privilege on human behavior.
Vulnerability to human activities and nature is unavoidable.
However, these same changes also affect other gait parameters, leading to trade offs that require the human body to apply optimizations that minimize energetic cost.
With the backdrop of water scarcity, the film tells a complex story of love, relationships, enmity, deceit and circumstances that bring about the dark side of human character.
It consisted of the skeleton of an adolescent human female aged approximately 15 years placed in a fetal position, facing to the west.
With a multi-disciplinary approach, his work is research led and has explored diverse subjects such as statistical data, democracy, early human categorisation and conflicts between internal and external authorities.
The group is working toward the development of genetically engineered immunotoxins made from monoclonal antibody fragments genetically fused to either saporin or Pseudomonas exotoxin (PE) for the treatment of human hematological malignancies such as leukaemia, lymphoma and multiple myeloma.
The ideals of democracy, equality, human rights and civil rights led them into conflict with the Vietnamese governments of both North and South.
On 26 April, the Assembly passed Directive 256, inquiring into the fate of the missing Greek deputies, calling for the restoration of parliamentary, constitutional democracy, and objecting to "all measures contrary to the European Convention on Human Rights".
A human services program was established with Cañada College in Redwood City, California in 2009.
He becomes a warrior for the consummation of the Lord’s purposes with respect to the human family.
A clearer execution of the translational action—translation as a human action that thus possesses intention—can be achieved through the identification of its purpose.
Dastan-narrators told tales of heroic romance and adventure- stories about gallant princes and their encounters with evil kings, enemy champions, demons, magicians, jinns, divine emissaries, tricky secret agents called ayyars, and beautiful princesses who might be human or of the Pari (“fairy”) race.
The Office of the Human Rights Ombudsman was established in 2008, but the government and judiciary pay little heed to complaints submitted to it.
The demands of human society are initially mediated via the Mother; with the discourse of whom the infant comes to identify, subsuming its own non-verbal self-expression.
In her review, Kerri Greenidge wrote that the book is "a meticulously researched, compassionately rendered, and fiercely analytical examination of the radical revolutionary as a human being".
Thinking win–win isn't about being nice, nor is it a quick-fix technique; it is a character-based code for human interaction and collaboration, says Covey.
Adalah website Palestinian human rights organization in Israel involved in the case.
A growing concern is the potential for GLOFs researchers estimate 21 glacial lakes in Nepal and 24 in Bhutan pose hazards to human populations should their terminal moraines fail.
Dr Haddad is the editor of “Democracy and Poverty in the Arab World” by IDEA (Stockholm, Sweden) in 2001, and the co-author of the “National Human Development Reports” by UNDP and the Lebanese Ministry of Social Affairs in 1997 and 2002; co-author of “Mapping of Living Conditions in Lebanon” in 1998 and 2007.
On his journey to and during his appearance at the supermarket, he learns lessons about his career, celebrity, human nature, and his marital problems from the interesting and strange people he meets.
However, Shiva realizes that the Black Lanterns feed on human emotion, and cuts herself off from all feeling through the use of meditation, rendering her invisible to Sage.
No Human Way to Kill is a combined book and art project created by British artist Robert Priseman.
The most common drugs of this class for treating FIP are either recombinant feline interferon omega (Virbagen Omega, Virbac) or human 
However, South Africa criticized the Cameroonian government for being insincere in its efforts to end the crisis and for committing human rights violations.
Weinberg, J. Brice, Matthews, Thomas J., Cullen, Bryan R. and Malim, Michael H. (1991)  Productive HIV-1Ba-L Infection of Nonproliferating Human Monocytes.
It bore the inscription: "Poet, philosopher, historian, he made a great step forward in the human spirit.
The differing default settings between computers are in part due to differing deployments of Unicode among operating system families, and partly the legacy encodings' specializations for different writing systems of human languages.
Jackson rejects the notion of the fantastic genre as a simple vessel for wish fulfillment that transcends human reality in worlds presented as superior to our own, instead positing that the genre is inseparable from real life, particularly the social and cultural contexts within which each work of the fantastic is produced.
Natural sounds, such as the human voice, musical instruments, or cars passing in the street, are made up of many frequencies, which contribute to the perceived quality (like timbre) of the sounds.
Yet his written record about both his parents are deeply compassionate, sympathetic and caring and it is accepted that the portraits are sensitive studies of the ravages of old age and illness on human flesh.
A health profession focused on assisting individuals, families, and communities in the wake of acute or sudden onset of medical emergencies or traumatic events, paramedicine is practiced predominantly in the prehospital setting and is based on the sciences of human anatomy, physiology, and pathophysiology.
Adopting the Big Man mantle, Janice teams up with a new Crime Master, the Sandman, and the Enforcers to seek revenge on Spider-Man, battling him, the Human Torch and the Sons of the Tiger.
The office of ombudsman, or Commissioner for Human Rights, in Ukraine was instituted in 1998.
This is similarly true in the case of William Catton’s 1980 book Overshoot: the Ecological Basis of Revolutionary Change, in which Catton emphasizes the argument that all of us have lifestyles that are based upon a time when our carrying capacity exceeded human load.
According to Human Rights Watch, Qasim's was the first case of "extraordinary rendition"; predating by six years the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
Philosophy is divided into three branches: natural studies, dialectic and knowledge of human conduct (in vitam atque mores).
In 2011, Human Rights Watch alerted that tens of millions of people worldwide are still denied access to inexpensive medications for severe pain.
In addition, Scientologists filed dozens of discrimination complaints against CAN, with state human rights commissions in the United States.
Pinchon was deeply saddened by the human folly that would lead to such a turn of events.
The reader who masters these poems and their interrelationships has, according to Bloom, "reached the center of Stevens's poetic and human anxieties and of his resources for meeting those anxieties".
 Human Genome Sciences (1992–2012)
Sensory analysis (or sensory evaluation) is a scientific discipline that applies principles of experimental design and statistical analysis to the use of human senses (sight, smell, taste, touch and hearing) for the purposes of evaluating consumer products.
In 1955 Godtfred summarised the concept behind the system, "Our idea is to prepare the child for life, appealing to its imagination and developing the creative urge and joy of creation that are the driving force in every human being."
A number of U.S. companies exited the Myanmar market even prior to the imposition of sanctions due to a worsening business climate and mounting criticism from human rights groups, consumers, and shareholders.
At least 536 Yugoslav citizens were victims of Nazi human experimentation in the concentration camps.
Members of the service have been accused of killing prisoners and committing human rights violations.
The last half of the book consists of a number of possible memetic explanations for such different problems as the origin of language, the origin of the human brain, sexual phenomena, the Internet and the notion of the self.
Treating animals as mere tools for the slaughter on demand by human will would lead to a world they would not prefer.
Uncrewed spaceflight is all spaceflight activity without a necessary human presence in space.
As the scale of the human slaughter on the front line and of the economic destitution on the home front mounted, the number of SPD politicians opposing the war increased, and it was primarily over this issue that the SPD (party) split in 1917.
There are no native land mammals, though reindeer, brown rats and mice were introduced to South Georgia through human activities.
The hormone human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is produced during pregnancy and can be found in a pregnant woman's urine and blood; it indicates the presence of an implanted fertilized egg.
In that case, which involved the amnesty law passed in 1995 by the Fujimori government, the Court declared the amnesty null and void because it conflicted with Peru's human rights treaty obligations; it later interpreted that ruling as applicable to all similar cases.
In December 2008, Iranian police shut down the office of a human rights group led by her.
However, the cat-like aspects of her personality (such as a penchant for savagery and a need for affection) had begun to dominate her human intellect, causing her increasing distress.
“I’m worried about the failure to realize progressive issues I care about: healthcare as a human right, poverty and justice.
In 2005, while in service, she obtained an MBA in Human Resource Management from IGNOU.
It contains the artist's distinctive monochromatic biomechanical artwork, integrating an industrial mechanism with a human skull and the new 'ELP' logotype, which was also designed by Giger and has been standard for Emerson, Lake & Palmer ever since.
Haskett placed a paid advertisement in The London Free Press on October 22, 1997, in which she stated that she believed the human rights case was unfairly decided and wrong in fact and law, and that the Tribunal's decision undermined the freedoms guaranteed in the Canadian Constitution, notably freedom of expression and freedom of religion.
He has published several books and papers on gender, globalization, the peace process, preaching and human rights within religious higher education.
Yeow studied medicine in the National University of Malaysia (UKM) and received his Doctors of Human Letters from Summit University of Louisiana.
According to Adela Ileana, they cannot be confused for each other, despite some similarities: both are indeed fairies, but Iana is a celestial or astral character, while Ileana Cosanzeana is "a human, chthonic one".
Embedded devices often lack rotating disk drives, human interface devices, and even fans, and the network interface, if any, will not have been active for long enough to provide much entropy.
The two scarlet threads running all through Robinson’s work since The Translator’s Turn (1991) are somaticity and performativity—the imperfect social regulation of human communicative and other interaction as ‘’inwardly felt’’ (the somatic) and ‘’outwardly staged’’ (the performative).
She used to be a nerd when human but has become beautiful since turning into a vampire, a fact she is very proud of.
 HLA-A33, a human serotype
Seventy years after the fire, Carol Tillman Parrish, who was six at the time, said that "until this day, I can smell the stench of human flesh" as the blaze consumed its victims.
FCC: Information On Human Exposure To Radio frequency Fields From Cellular and PCS Radio Transmitters
O'Connell does not deny that it is all interconnected: the scale of human existence ultimately does emerge from the quantum scale.
You then have to destroy all foods, make your way to the garden where there is a sprinkler system where you can wash off the contaminants to restore your human form.
In 1932, whilst working at Tabun Cave, she found a tooth which turned out to be part of a fragmented but mostly complete human skull.
In 1991, Rosenblatt produced and edited Rights and Wrongs, a one-hour pilot for a PBS series on human rights issues around the world.
In 1994, Davis and Rowe made an application to the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR).
Following several rallies and protests against the Orbán cabinet's education reforms in February 2016, when teachers and students criticized the centralized structure and demanded a free choice of textbooks and reduction in teaching hours, Czunyi-Bertalan was dismissed as state secretary by Minister of Human Resources Zoltán Balog.
International and Human Rights, Jose Ayala Lasso, Aryeh Neier, Kenneth Roth, Simon Wiesenthal and Bertrand Ramcharan; .
And to my mind, if there's anything that this unexpected moment in American history should teach us, we've got to rethink the basic structures of American society, and that is guaranteed health care to all as a human right, creating an economy that provides for all people not just the wealthy."
From 2014 to 2016, she was a member of the council of Liberty, a British advocacy group campaigning for civil liberties and human rights.
Alpha particles travel short distances in air, of only 2–3 cm, and cannot penetrate through a dead layer of skin on the human body.
As a result of this, Hodder grew increasingly critical of the processualist approach, developing an interest in how culture shaped human behaviour.
The Doctor reveals the limit of breaths is an algorithm to stop people "wasting" oxygen, part of the company's automated profit-making system; killing the wearers was just the logical endpoint of corporate profit over human life.
In 2003 he joined Continental in Hanover as Executive Vice President Human Resources and Labor Director and in 2007 he held the same position at Deutsche Telekom in Bonn, where he remained until 2012.
It commonly refers to the corrupt system of privatization, nepotism in appointing personnel to high state functions, anti-liberalism, international isolation, embracing of extreme Croatian nationalism, state-controlled media and abuse of human rights.
When applying carrying capacity to human populations, these eight issues should be considered.
Australian group Human Nature had a minor hit in Australia with their version in 1997.
Apocynin is an inhibitor of NADPH oxidase activity and thus is effective in preventing the production of the superoxide in human white blood cells or neutrophilic granulocytes.
In 2010 she began making films for the human rights organization, The Equality Effect.
The mother alien known as the Taker was destroyed with the help of all the human New Bloods.
The Bennett Davis Building, formerly the carriage house of the estate, now houses the offices of student accounts, registrar, financial aid, human resources, and business affairs.
Law 121 founded the Section of Eugenics and Mental Hygiene in the public health department, responsible for studying the "physical diseases and defects of the human organism" that were naturally passed from parent to child.
Starhawk wrote in her 1982 book Dreaming the Dark, "Sexuality was a sacrament in the Old Religion; it was (and is) viewed as a powerful force through which the healing, fructifying love of the immanent Goddess was directly known, and could be drawn down to nourish the world, to quicken fertility in human beings and in nature".
"A young mermaid, Dyesebel, takes on a journey to trace her origins until she finds out that she is the daughter of a merman and a human.
Based on this evidence, the lived experiences of most human beings is that they are living in countries practicing different degrees of capitalism, which has proven itself to be highly exclusive.
The Federation begins a human wave attack on Tiegenhoff, causing massive casualties on both sides.
Normal human ears can discriminate between two frequencies that differ by as little as 0.2%.
One image depicts spider deities holding nets filled with decapitated human heads.
Unable to find redress, he reportedly taught himself to use the internet, and cultivate a presence on various blogging platforms, hoping to get the attention of human rights defenders, academics, lawyers, reporters, and police.
"Using chemistry as a trope, Albiston tabulates the human predicament of love: its foundations and fundamentals; its configuration of emotions; its recurring properties; and its assumption of elements yet to be defined."
Environmental Human Rights in Earth System Governance.
There are many different theories related to human development.
National Center For Lesbian Rights, founded in 1977, is a non-profit, public interest law firm in the United States that works to advance the civil and human rights of LGBT people and their families through litigation, public policy advocacy, and public education.
As Secretary of Health and Human Services, Sebelius led an agency with 6,500 employees and a $700 billion annual budget.
The plaster cast of Michelangelo’s David at the Victoria & Albert Museum was X-rayed revealing that the supports in David’s legs were positioned similarly to that of bones in a human leg.
Human monocyte derived macrophages (HMDM) cells were stimulated with lipopolysaccharide, and nigericin.
Taking it upon himself to defend the human world, he defends the fortresses from the Mob one by one (much to the bewilderment of his teacher, who narrates the storyline).
She wishes to have "more room for imagination" and "take the position of a human being rather than a feminist" when she works.
On November 26, 2019, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said documents confirmed China intentionally committing very significant human rights abuses in Xinjiang.
Then the Protector Trashor, Nipper, discovers a human skull.
Human inspectors check the output of the moulds, to eliminate significant variations in colour or thickness.
Human activity in the area can be traced back 10,000 years.
The Islamic revolution is thought  to have a significantly worse human rights record than the Pahlavi Dynasty it overthrew.
Below is a list of human proteins containing the EGF-like domain:
Because Merliah was born with two legs and not a mermaid tail, Calissa knew that it would be dangerous for her to live in Oceana looking like a human.
Without human intervention during this time salt water flooded parts of the island making it unsuitable for agricultural use.
The main, viable subpopulation of Amani flatwings is relatively safe within the Amani-Sigi Forest Reserve, any other subpopulations within the vicinity are either already extinct or maybe on the verge of extinction as a result of human encroachment, deforestation and water pollution.
But ten years into retirement, and incapable of living like a normal mortal human being, Thor attempts a comeback to achieve the level of success that had eluded him his entire career – a comeback that nearly kills him.
Bilharz in his first year in Egypt found and reported different human parasites including Ancylostoma duodenale, Ascaris lumbricoides, Trichuris trichiura, pinworm (Oxyuris), pork tapeworm (Taenia solium), dog tapeworm (Echinococcus granulosus), hookworms (Ancylostoma and Necator) and guinea-worm (Dracunculus medinensis).
This mansion is supposed to be larger than the Versailles Palace and have thousands of rooms decorated with copies of paintings (rendered in etheric matter) from all civilizations and eras of human history.
Its predecessor was Human Genome Research Center of Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology (CAS) which was founded in August 1998.
Unlike other contemporary physicians, who were radical anti-contagionists, Savaresi stated that – in some circumstances – diseases (such as the plague) could actually be transmitted between human beings.
He has a human girlfriend named Evie, who is HIV positive.
Although the model does have limitations [described in Byrne & Pew (2009)], it is very powerful and remains underutilized in the human factors profession.
Human V1 is located on the medial side of the occipital lobe within the calcarine sulcus; the full extent of V1 often continues onto the posterior pole of the occipital lobe.
 Graphic Adventures: the Human Body series (ABDO, A Family of Educational Publisher): 
According to Dame Susan Leather, a former chair of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority, "perhaps the greatest achievement of the Warnock committee is that it managed to get an ethical consensus that people understood as well as shared".
This is a list of Honduran departments by Human Development Index as of 2019.
Article 11 of the European Convention on Human Rights protects the right to associate, which is fundamental for NGOs.
Paul Bettany was cast in his place, with the character being reworked from a motion-capture alien to a human.
Scruton credited Sartre with providing "perhaps the most acute philosophical analysis" of sexual desire and correctly arguing that treating sexual desire as equivalent to appetite ignores "the interpersonal component of human sexual responses."
Lamma) leads a human to a more prominent seated deity.
At the moment, I don't think of them as human beings.
Mutations in FGF23 that render the protein resistant to proteolytic cleavage leads to increased activity of FGF23 and the renal phosphate loss found in the human disease autosomal dominant hypophosphatemic rickets.
With admirable economy, the title Jetty announces two significant features of Talvikki Ansel's second book: the liminal vantage-point of the narrators of these poems and the curious ways in which the human world intersects with the natural.
The history of human marriage, 5th ed.
Parubiy also said: "The key tactic of Russian saboteurs is: Capture a building, station an armed garrison there and have a picket around, mostly Communists, who would provide a human shield."
Later seen in Human Torch #8 (1942), when the golden age Angel's foe the Python escaped.
When trying to distinguish primary and secondary reinforcers in human examples, use the "caveman test."
Excavations at Templo Mayor in the Aztec capital Tenochtitlan have revealed many skulls belonging to women and children, in addition to those of men, a demonstration of the diversity of the human sacrifices in Aztec culture.
In October 2008, after an examination of an independent review of the Northern Territory Intervention, the Australian Government pledged to recognise the extreme disadvantage and social seclusion experienced by remote communities within the Northern Territory, form a legitimate relationship with the Indigenous people based on consultation, acknowledge Australian human rights responsibilities and reinstate the Racial Discrimination Act 1975.
 Exercise and Human Reproduction: Induced Fertility Disorders and Possible Therapies.
In most cases, rotoscoping is mainly used to aid the animation of realistically rendered human beings, as in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Peter Pan, and Sleeping Beauty.
Access to Justice was also the winner of the 2010 Gani Fawehinmi prize for Human Rights and Social Justice.
According to Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as at 2011, the evaluations given by UN Committee on economic, social and cultural rights show acute human rights issues, in particular in the field of rights of national minorities, to remain unresolved in Estonia.
The solitude Dizi had deliberately imposed on himself since childhood had nurtured an understanding of the human predicament.
Using various cell model systems and human tissue, he studies the physiology, cell biology and biochemistry of store-operated calcium channel proteins.
But after continuing his research in a private hospital, Sauerbruch contacted Mikulicz-Radecki again and gained his approval for human trials.
They believed slavery was a human institution which Baptist teaching could make less harsh.
Ankle replacement, or ankle arthroplasty, is a surgical procedure to replace the damaged articular surfaces of the human ankle joint with prosthetic components.
In addition, the United Nations Commission on Human Rights gathered reports from several countries and considering only the countries that submitted reports it was shown that honor killings have occurred in Bangladesh, Great Britain, Brazil, Ecuador, Egypt, India, Israel, Italy, Jordan, Pakistan, Morocco, Sweden, Turkey, and Uganda.
Since October 2009, he has been the President of the National Commission of Human Rights.
Trilostane was withdrawn from human use in the United States market in April 1994.
Media and freedom of expression has become even more restricted, civilian political activists are being tried in military courts for insulting military, human rights situation has not improved, the emergency law (which gives government extra-ordinary powers and the right to ignore laws) continues, and the military junta continues to use the same methods that Mubarak was using.
In 2006, American anthropologist Marc Meyer and colleagues described a 1.8 Ma H. e. georgicus specimen as having a spine within the range of variation of modern human spines, contending that Turkana boy had spinal stenosis and was thus not representative of the species.
In "A Human Work", the psychology of Shinji, who finishes the first part of his path in the episode, and of Misato is deepened.
The Book of Genesis tells of three angels visiting Abraham in human disguise (Gen.18),
This can mean either human or animal.
With her background of press coverage concerning human rights, protests and social action, she was continually rejected.
Chromosome 21 was the second human chromosome to be fully sequenced, after chromosome 22.
He chaired the Legal Advisory Committee of the Rhode Island Council for Human Rights; marched against nuclear proliferation; and on his wedding night (an elopement with Dorothy Rabinowitz, a social worker and fellow activist) both bride and groom attended a benefit dinner for the NAACP.
However, it is likely that nothing serious would occur, as the human species has certainly lived through at least one such event; Homo erectus and possibly Homo heidelbergensis lived through the Brunhes–Matuyama reversal with no known ill effect, and excursions are shorter-lived and do not result in permanent changes to the magnetic field.
It is also known as monocyte chemotactic protein 5 (MCP-5) and, due to its similarity with the human chemokine MCP-1, sometimes it is called MCP-1-related chemokine.
 The Story of Human Energy (director) (1947)
In the 2019–2020 legislative session, Pack was vice chair of the House Health and Human Resources Committee, and later became the chair.
Deeply Human launched in March 2021 and is a coproduction of the BBC World Service, American Public Media, and iHeartMedia.
Dressed in a classic colonial-era Africa outfit and sporting a fu manchu moustache, the Hunter is portrayed as a particularly malevolent human, who refuses to reason with the animals and sees them solely as a means to enrich himself.
She was educated at the Notre-Dame-des-Ange convent and then took a commercial course at the Alexander Business College and a course in human relations at the Université du Québec à Montréal.
Knights of Sidonia – An original story set in the far future about a human colony ship's war against an elusive alien race known as the "Gauna".
They wear human clothes and make up to hide they are vampires.
– The Secretary-General of the United Nations, Ban Ki-moon, lauded the decision in a statement on behalf of the entire United Nations family, and emphasised the European Union's role in helping to build peace, promote human rights and support economic and social development across the world.
It can be said that Greenspond's export of human resources equals or exceeds its export in cod, seals, salmon and the like.
Other countries passed similar laws to ban foreigners deemed guilty of human rights abuses from entering their countries.
 rs6311 and rs6313 are SNPs in the Serotonin 5-HT2A receptor gene on human chromosome 13.
Excavator controls specifies ways of how a human operator controls the digging components (i.e.
The bill was seen by the Human Rights Campaign as an attempt to challenge Obergefell v. Hodges and undermine same-sex marriage in Tennessee, and Haslam was criticized by the Tennessee Chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Tennessee Equality Project (TEP) for signing it into law.
There are also 6 predicted isoforms found in human.
Vatsyayana acknowledges this heritage in verse 1.1.9 of the text where he names Svetaketu Uddalaka as the "first human author of the kamasutra".
Do we aim to preserve the human species, or help its evolution?
enhanced greenhouse effect  - the increase in the natural greenhouse effect resulting from increases in atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases due to emissions from human activities.
The government made some progress in preventing human trafficking.
 Faculty of human and social sciences.
Section 302 also revises the Secretary of Health and Human Service's authority to allow the use of unapproved medical products or the unapproved use of an approved product.
Human Torch appeared as a regular character in the 2010–2013 Secret Avengers series, from issue #23 (April 2012) through its final issue #37 (March 2013).
Human sacrifice was probably also performed to the Kʼicheʼ mountain god Jacawitz.
His contributions include the interpretation of scientific research into the roots of compassion, altruism, and peaceful human relationships.
Ngư Tinh thought it was a human, so it opened its mouth and tried to swallow to burning metal.
He began to take environmental issues and their connections to human value systems, social patterns, and lifestyles just as seriously as he had taken film.
Human rights are an example of a moral belief, founded in previous teleological beliefs, which make the false claim of being grounded in rationality.
The calorimeter measured human metabolism by analyzing the heat produced by a person performing certain physical activities; in 1896 they began the first of what would accumulate into close to 500 experiments.
It is estimated that about 10% of the genes encoded by the X chromosome are associated with a family of "CT" genes, so named because they encode for markers found in both tumor cells (in cancer patients) as well as in the human testis (in healthy patients).
Computer and human error lead to supposed policyholders filing claims for medical conditions of the opposite sex and bills being returned because the addressees are unknown.
Anno has described Shinji as a boy who "shrinks from human contact" and has "convinced himself that he is a completely unnecessary person".
In January 2015 Gnarr joined the Center for Energy and Environmental Research in the Human Sciences (CENHS) at Rice University as their first writer in residence.
It is a non-profit organization, registered in Vienna, with the mission to create a global forum for the development of the Moon Village, and to potentially implement a permanent human settlement near the lunar south pole, taking advantage of near-continuous sunlight and nearby deposits of ice and other useful volatiles.
Of particular note in the development of the hypothesis was the examination of thousands of human skulls by Samuel George Morton who argued on this basis that the differences between the races were too broad to have stemmed from a single common ancestor, but were instead consistent with separate racial origins.
There may be a need for existing liability laws to evolve in order to fairly identify the parties responsible for damage and injury, and to address the potential for conflicts of interest between human occupants, system operator, insurers, and the public purse.
On 26 September 1902 Lodge Human Duty No.
Like other corvids, rooks will sometimes favour sites with a high level of human interaction, and can often be found scavenging for food in tourist areas or pecking open garbage sacks.
The villagers set out to hunt the wolf; but once caught and killed, the wolf's corpse transforms into that of a human being.
In 2018, Ewuare II issued a curse against any juju priest involved in carrying out human trafficking within his domain, and he publicly revoked all curses used by priests to manipulate trafficking victims.
Moreover, under the current regime, as Amnesty International had pointed out, there have been "continuing human rights violations," with security forces using excessive force against protesters, who have also been mistreated while in detention.
It also accused ARSA of committing human right abuses.
It won an Outstanding Book Award from The Myers Center for the Study of Bigotry and Human Rights at Simmons College and led to awards from the National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty, the New York Labor Communications Council, and the Washington, D.C. Employment Justice Center.
He is a Professor in the Department of Genome Sciences at the University of Washington School of Medicine and an Affiliate Investigator in the Human Biology Division at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.
In human glioma cell line T98G expression of miR-214 has been shown to suppress expression of the ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme 9 (UBC9) and reduces tumour cell proliferation.
By mid-2000 human rights groups estimated that more than one million people in Sri Lanka were internally displaced persons, living in camps, homeless and struggling for survival.
In 2009, The New York Times reported that, according to human rights groups, the repressions had claimed "at least 2,000" lives.
But Zagred arranged for Tetia's family and the human royals to attack at that moment with Licht watching his people get slaughtered along with one of his children when his wife was mortally wounded in the attack.
Mark  Balderas (born September 10, 1959 in Encino, California) is the keyboardist for the rock band Human Drama from 1986 to 1991 and  from 1993 to 2005 and has been currently active with the band since 2012.
"[The] solidarity of the human race and Christian brotherhood demand the elimination as far as possible of these discrepancies."
Another participant, Zainab Alkhawaja, was pepper-sprayed by police, and a member of the Bahrain Centre for Human Rights was injured by a stun grenade in his leg.
Between 2005 and 2010 she served as a Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM) member of National Assembly and Chairperson of the Human Rights Committee in the National Parliament.
Based on his analysis of the material found within the mounds, Ellwood conjectures that they contain cremated human remains and are substantially older than the existing consensus, as much as 11,300 years old.
Once taken up in the human body, soman not only inhibits AChE, but it is also a substrate for other esterases.
Of the 300 tables mentioned by Fabricius, there were only 167, bound into eight volumes (seven devoted to human and one to comparative anatomy).
After being raised as a Vulcan by Sarek, and becoming the first human to attend and graduate the Vulcan Learning Center and the Vulcan Science Academy, Michael Burnham is entrusted to Philippa Georgiou, captain of the USS Shenzhou, by Sarek.
Her main focus is working with the human voice as an instrument and combining
Variants in this 14-residue protein epitope mimetic (PEM) library such as the peptidomimetic L8-1 had an antimicrobial activity like that of PG-1 but with reduced hemolytic activity on human red blood cells.
Human Rights Watch documented how the army beat, flogged, kicked men, hit women, chained them to an iron fence, and shocked them with electricity.
Also, the psychophysical experiments showed that subjects similarly recognize biological motion for both the CFS stimulus and SPS, a stimulus in which dots of the point light walker were reassigned to different positions within the human body shape for every nth frame thereby highlights the importance of form vs the motion (Fig.1.).
In human resource management, this is a method used to motivate a team so that each member feels strong competition, thus keeping up the competitiveness of the whole team.
According to the game's back-story, Necrid was once a human warrior.
She then went on to graduate from the University of Vermont in 2016 with a Bachelor of Science in Human Development and Family Studies with a minor in Sexuality and Gender Identity Studies.
Bathhouse duty involved half an hour transporting hot water for the baths of prisoners and their guards which was physically strenuous but did allow for a human level of contact with the guards, including one young SA guard who recognised Szende.
In 1996, he became the Union minister for Human resource development in the United Front government and served with both the prime ministers H. D. Deve Gowda and I. K. Gujral.
Disability = any limitation or function loss deriving from impairment that prevents the performance of an activity in the time lapse considered normal for a human being
One important thing – formation of political parties is strictly forbidden, as well as any dealing with politics, since it is not good for human health.
In 2013, Chan received criticism for comments made during a secretly-recorded conversation between herself and a colleague in which she called bisexuality "disgusting"; this occurred four months prior to the city council debated a proposed human rights ordinance which would protect lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender residents from discrimination.
There are a number of laws under the Data Protection Act and Human Rights Acts that may impact on the use of hidden cameras.
Gould produced the video documentary web series Bravery Tapes, focusing on inspiring human interest stories.
It is well established that human hearing is more sensitive to some frequencies than others, as demonstrated by equal-loudness contours, but it is not well appreciated that these contours vary depending on the type of sound.
Visual representations and interaction techniques take advantage of the human eye's broad bandwidth pathway into the mind to allow users to see, explore, and understand large amounts of information at once.
The American Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee organized a meeting with the US State Department to discuss related human rights violations and legal action.
Studies of European grasslands show evidence of extinction debt through both comparisons with the past and between present-day systems with different levels of human impacts.
The plot of the video follows the song's lyrics, with the unedited version featuring Spartan-like warriors fighting with swords, graphic depictions of decapitations, and naked, blood-covered female cannibals feasting on human flesh.
Ten ADB-CHMINACA major metabolites were identified in several incubations with cryopreserved human hepatocytes.
He seeks Joker's help to discover his true form, and believes that he was once human.
The Council has split into two philosophical factions, and is in a battle for whose ideals will dominate the future of the human race.
McBride, who had experience in human resource management, became the Director of the WRNS in 1976.
On the recommendation of her mathematics professor at Swarthmore, Moore obtained a job at the Princeton University Observatory working for Professor Henry Norris Russell as a human computer carrying out calculations needed to use photographic plates in determining the position of the Moon.
In 2008, the charity created Dogs Trust Honours, an annual 'Doggy Pride of Britain Awards' ceremony celebrating the relationship between Human and dog and honouring dogs who have greatly helped their owner, local community or society.
As all domestic remedies had been exhausted, UNROW filed a petition to the Inter-American Commission of Human Rights, on behalf of the Schneider family against the U.S. Government.
The mission of the Ombudsman is the defense and protection of human rights, civil rights and guarantees, and the control of the Administration.
In the Weimar period  he was a well-known voice in the political debate, a vocal opponent of the Nazis, a fierce advocate of human rights and one of the first to alert the world to the treatment of Jews by the Nazis in 1934.
Midrash performance uses the whole range of the human capability in art, to convey a meaning that only becomes fully apparent when placed in front of an audience.
Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in French:
Deposits of human occupation were identified and due to the discovery of a set of polished stone tools the site was associated with the early Neolithic although without chrono-stratigraphic analysis and without regard for the regional cultural context at the time.
 Timeline of human prenatal development
Realms were organized according to the human senses which perceived them.
As a result, their ability to have their concerns addressed by the global bodies mandated to protect human rights and address conflict is limited.
He was the Minister of Justice and Human Rights.
Cadogan executes Becca to get the Flame, but his own daughter Callie escapes with it and a group of people who had taken Nightblood, intending to save the rest of the human race.
The court then considered whether it was political discrimination under the Northern Ireland Act 1998 and the Human Rights Act 1998.
A whoopee (or whoopie) cushion is a practical joke device involving flatulence humor, which produces a noise resembling human flatulence.
But when he returned to his human form, he once again wore the eye patch.
Rob Rang, a senior NFL Draft analyst from NFLDraftScout.com, observed: "He is a massive, massive human being.
(Abraham ben David (The Ra'avad), however, questioned what purpose would be served by going to the Land of Israel in the present era, as all are impure, even there, because of contact with a human corpse (or the impurity that results from a corpse) and there are no ashes from a red heifer with which we can purify ourselves.
Unlike the average comic book superhero, El Gato Negro has no superpowers or abilities out of the normal human spectrum.
In order to eliminate the virus, scientists worked on combining human DNA with the DNA of animals and other creatures immune to the effects.
The Bureau of Land Management encourages the practice of Leave No Trace principles of outdoor travel to minimize human impact on the environment.
However, Human Rights Watch asserts that this number could be between 23 and 100.
He would tell his followers that he is their Lord, whereas he would be a one-eyed man with human needs and God does not have any needs nor he has an eye.
Wilson uses the term in a related sense when he suggests that biophilia describes "the connections that human beings subconsciously seek with the rest of life."
Is a 9-minute program that combines watching and philanthropy, aimed at sick children, is based on highlighting known personalities to raise a muscle-based challenge and physical strength for this human cause.
Rarely in that time does he venture on beaten paths for fear that he may meet a hated human, but one day he forgets his resolve long enough to cross a carriage drive.
The second scene shows an individual, described as a terrorist, grabbing a school boy off of a floor, where he is hiding behind a column from IDF fire, and using him as a human shield to walk to a different location.
In 2008, Kajsa Wahlberg, of the human trafficking unit at Sweden's national police board, conceded that accurate statistics are hard to obtain, but estimated that the number of prostitutes in Sweden dropped 40% from 2,500 in 1998 to 1,500 in 2003.
There are two main ways religious groups approach the idea of human rights.
He says, "natural hazards, therefore, result from the conflict of geophysical processes with people and they lie at the interface what has been called the natural events system and the human interface system."
In the Tulancingo Valley, some of the oldest human remains of Mexico were found in Tecolote Cave.
Wesley appealed to prevenient grace as a solution to the problem, stating that God makes the initial move in salvation, but human beings are free to respond or reject God's graceful initiative.
The microcosm–macrocosm analogy (or, equivalently, macrocosm–microcosm analogy) refers to a historical view which posited a structural similarity between the human being (the microcosm, i.e., the small order or the small universe) and the cosmos as a whole (the macrocosm, i.e., the great order or the great universe).
(I) Introduced - a species introduced to the Falklands as a consequence, direct or indirect, of human actions
An analogous amendment was also made to the law of Northern Ireland, following the determination of a case by the European Court of Human Rights (see Dudgeon v. United Kingdom); the relevant legislation was an Order in Council, the Homosexual Offences (Northern Ireland) Order 1982, which came into force on 8 December 1982.
Lawrence had argued in 1816 that the climate does not directly cause the differences between human races.
"Of Law and Human Action: A Jurisprudential Plea for a World Order Perspective in International Legal Studies", in: Falk, Kratochwil, Mendlovitz (eds.
It was set up in 1994 in the then Department of Human Services and Health to give a greater focus on the health needs of Indigenous Australians in mainstream health programs.
In partnership with Freedom House, Africa.com brings information on the human rights and civil liberties of every African country.
Emmerson has been described by former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May, as "one of the UK’s most distinguished lawyers in the field of national and international human rights law".
Our main mistake was that we created conditions in which the contradictions related to modernity, progress, equality, and human rights, especially women's rights, increased and the reaction to our work put perhaps too much pressure on the country's social fabric."
Thatcham in Berkshire is often said to be the oldest town in Britain, since its occupation can be traced back to a mesolithic hunting camp, which was discovered there beside a Post-glacial rebound period lake, and there is evidence of human occupation within and around Thatcham covering the past 13,000 years or more.
In northeastern Mexico, human occupation is confirmed at least to the end of the last ice age, approximately 10,500 BP.
The genetic history of the Middle East is the subject of research within the fields of human population genomics, archaeogenetics and Middle Eastern studies.
After a while, the rule reverted to fifty moves in all positions more such positions were discovered, complicating the rule still further, and it made no difference in human play, as they could not play the positions perfectly.
Colonel-major Silve de Pikkendorff is tasked by his margrave to go on a quest to find why human life seems to be disappearing and the City is turning into chaos.
This happened after the Jalisco Human Rights Commission received 403 complaints from citizens in the state.
The name derives from the Greek word ἀνήρ (anēr), genitive ἀνδρός (andrós), that refers to man as opposed to woman (whereas man in the sense of human being is ἄνθρωπος, ánthropos).
The most characterized gene in this region of the human genome is GPSM1, which encodes the G-protein-signaling modulator 1 protein.
SC51322 (Ki=13.8 nM), GW-848687 (Ki=8.6 nM), ONO-8711, SC-19220, SC-51089, and several other synthetic compounds given in next cited reference are selective competitive antagonists for EP1 that have been used for studies in animal models of human diseases.
Anveena finds Kalec again on the shore in human form.
The residents of this world, both human and creature, have coins that the protagonist must collect.
Rod Stewart also recorded Alexander and Nowels' "I Can't Deny It" for his 2001 album Human.
These gram-positive, coccoid bacteria were once thought to be harmless to the human body.
Experimental Human Pneumococcal Colonization in Older Adults Is Feasible and Safe, Not Immunogenic.
Feral cat, a cat that has been born to other ferals or from stray cats, and that are unaccustomed to human interaction
He is a professor of medicine (cardiovascular disease) at Vanderbilt University and continues to serve as a consultant and reviewer for human spaceflight-related studies.
While most gialli involve a human killer, some also feature a supernatural element.
The Tokaimura reprocessing plant fire in 1999 had 2 worker deaths, one more exposed to radiation levels above legal limits and over 660 others received detectable radiation doses but within permissible levels, well below the threshold to affect human health.
Despite similar neural areas and evidence from experiments, some scholars remain cautious about comparisons to human episodic memory.
In addition to Phillippo's many accomplishments as a minister and champion of human rights, the missionary wrote three books about Jamaica, the most notable being Jamaica: Its Past and Present State (1842), published while he was recuperating in England.
SEURAT-1 will develop knowledge and technology building blocks required for the development of solutions for the replacement of current repeated dose systemic toxicity testing in vivo used for the assessment of human safety.
While the Rio Scale rests on the relatively well-accepted science of the search for extraterrestrial signals (SETI), the San Marino scale seeks to bring objectivity to the reciprocal enterprise – that of human civilization sending transmissions that could be found by extraterrestrial civilizations (METI).
In this way alone can we hope for the free individual and eventually also for a free community, which shall make interference and coercion of human growth impossible."
Hox genes in different animal groups are so similar that, for example, one can transplant a human “make an eye” Pax6 gene into a fruitfly embryo and it still causes an eye to form – but it is a fruitfly eye, because the genes that the transplanted Hox gene activates are fruitfly genes.
Thus within different Federations and Jurisdictions of DROIT HUMAN significant variation in method of work will be seen.
Attendees reportedly included members of Pinochet's security services, along with men from Haiti, El Salvador, Argentina and Brazil who have been implicated in human rights abuses.
HCT116 is a human colon cancer cell line used in therapeutic research and drug screenings.
These human resources may help defenders provide more professional service than an appointed lawyer without this type of staff or funds to employ them.
It was believed they protected the human body from spells and evil spirits.
"Our previous shows have all been family-oriented and politically correct, which is great," Laliberté said, "but we're human beings, we won't hide it.
 Secretary of Human Settlements and Urban Development (Eduardo del Rosario)
The Programme applies genomics to population-scale studies to identify the causal variants and pathways involved in human disease and their effects on cell biology.
People associated with human rights groups carried out protests across the country in solidarity with her.
In 1992, the Keating Government overturned the ban on LGB personnel after a lesbian Australian Army reservist complained to the Human Rights and Equal Opportunities Commission that she was dismissed on the grounds of her sexuality.
WSIPC called its ERP application WESPaC (WSIPC Enhanced Skyward Point and Click) which included Skyward's software suite of student, human resources and financial management modules.
In March 2016 Danielle was awarded the Commissioner's Medal for Innovation, recognising her exceptional dedication in combating human trafficking, particularly with the creation and delivery of awareness packages for front line police across Australia.
The resulting measure was entitled the Human Development Index, created by Mahbub ul Haq in collaboration with Sen and others.
Upon activation by retinoic acid (the biologically active form of vitamin A), it regulates the expression of a plethora of genes in the human body.
Central Control Unit officers formed a human chain to push demonstrators back and break up clusters of people blocking the roads.
Kodena Koppalu is a small village with rich agricultural lands and human resources in Malavalli taluk in Mandya district, Mysore division in Karnataka, India.in which more than 90% literacy rate.
He may have been complicit in an attempt to revive his sales by having a death notice appear in The Times on 9 July 1877, where he was described as having "produced countless drawings in grotesque of animals and human savages, which wise collectors obtained for trivial sums at an untidy little shop near Leicester Square".
School of the Americas Assassins is a 1994 American short documentary film about human rights abuses by graduates of School of the Americas.
A report in September 2009 from Health and Human Services' Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality suggests that tamoxifen and raloxifene used to treat breast cancer, significantly reduce invasive breast cancer in midlife and older women, but also increase the risk of adverse side effects.
Nolta's research focuses on human stem cells and regenerative medicine therapies.
This devolution entailed transferring line operations, human resources and financial responsibility to the municipal government of Tianjin, while the ministry of transport retained strategic planning and coordination duties.
As a result of the successful challenge of Matthews v United Kingdom before the European Court of Human Rights in 1999 residents of Gibraltar, voted in the European Parliament election for the first time, as part of the South West England region.
These include potential threat to their safety, marginalisation beyond expectations and unwanted dependency on others and thereby potentially CRIPPLING precious human life economically, socially and mentally – remain the most vulnerable, voiceless yet the country's largest minority group.
The findings are based on individual and group interviews of victims of human rights abuses from Kenya's 2007 post-election violence.
The name "5" hints at the five human senses (with the ad slogan "Stimulate Your Senses" and "How It Feels To Chew Five Gum") and that it has 5 calories.
He published several books on philosophical anthropology in which he analyzed the profound nature of the human being and the current history and theory of the problem of body and soul.
Human mobility was thus key to disease transmission in Haiti.
In 2009, the Israeli Supreme Court struck down the plans, ruling that private prisons are an unconstitutional violation of basic human rights.
While in some countries the trend may be slowing, certain South European countries such as Italy continue to experience extremely high rates of human capital flight.
The film also contains footage of forensic analysis of human remains found at the site during construction of the 1999 Monument.
At the time Khalili's family was rescued by the Human First Coalition and the U.S. State Department, they were in Pakistan, having already left Afghanistan.
There is not yet scientific consensus on when the understanding of object permanence emerges in human development.
He trained in human immunology at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute in the laboratory of Jerome Ritz, MD from 1987-1989, focused exclusively on NK cells.
Jennifer Copping as Quaid (season 1), a member of the Portland Human Resistance.
1900s     : Founded the Sugunavardhini movement to foster human values in children and ignited reform activities to protect the rights of women, children, and the downtrodden sections of society such as Harijan and Dalits in Kerala while providing them with an education.
Human agents (individuals, groups, organizations, communities, and other collectivities) produce, carry, and reform these systems of social rules, and this frequently takes place in ways they neither intend nor expect.
Their small size and childish looks are deceptive as they’re extremely resilient to damage and have an array of abilities which makes them much more dangerous than any human.
AS USED IN SECTIONS 3, 6, AND 25 OF ARTICLE II OF THE STATE CONSTITUTION, THE TERMS "PERSON" OR "PERSONS" SHALL INCLUDE ANY HUMAN BEING FROM THE MOMENT OF FERTILIZATION.
Following a campaign organized by Londres 38 and other human rights groups, and pressure from representatives of the Chilean Congress, Zepeda finally released 407 files to the relatives of executed and disappeared detainees in 2014.
The development is situated in areas previously little touched by human activity, causing various groups to criticize the development activities and the impact they have on the local environment.
According to official estimates, 1,965 cases of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) were reported in 2003, of which 636 had developed acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS).
The fifth capacity was later removed due to its focus on human behavior rather than ability, thereby not meeting previously established scientific criteria for intelligence.
The sun bear tends to avoid heavily logged forests and areas close to human settlement.
By following slaves’ efforts to forge human connections amidst the violent dislocation of the slave trade, it provided an account of the ability of "the slave community" to reproduce itself over time and space.
ICT is a member of International Federation for Human Rights.
If one didn't know the actual provenance of the film, one would guess that it was a private movie made by a group of rich European Western fans at a dude ranch... A Fistful of Dollars looks awful, has a flat dead soundtrack, and is totally devoid of human feeling."
Envy is, therefore, a sin deeply ingrained in human nature.
The Australian Human Rights Commission noted a quarter of reports through March/April 2020  are concerning racism related to the novel coronavirus.
The band self-funded and co-produced their third album, Be Human (2009), which featured orchestral and choral elements.
Grace and the Human Condition.
The event on 10 December 1979 started out as the first major Human Rights Day celebration on the island.
Every human habitation was burned to the ground; and the poor inhabitants were left to seek their only shelter in caves and clefts of rocks among the mountains, without fuel and without food.
Bob is the spirit of a medieval wizard who, in punishment for using black magic to resurrect his life's love, is doomed to spend eternity inside his skull; he can manifest a human appearance outside the skull–but only within a short radius of the skull itself–and must return to the skull when ordered.
On  May 14 members of the New Mexico Mountain Club who had participated in the initial recovery effort returned to the site to recover and bury any human remains left at the site before the summer climbing season.
On April 27, 1983, she obtained a doctorate from the Medical University of Warsaw with the dissertation, Badania właściwości mutagennych ropy naftowej i rozpuszczalników stosowanych w przemyśle petrochemicznym jako ocena zagrożenia środowiska naturalnego człowieka ("Research on the mutagenic properties of crude oil and solvents used in the petrochemical industry as an assessment of the threat to the human environment").
Since 2012, he has been under indictment for criminal acts of "moral harassment" (harcèlement moral) for abusive human resource policies during his leadership at France Télécom alleged to have caused a number of suicides, leading to a criminal trial in May 2019.
 Fulbright Scholar Award  which she used to study human pollution in South Africa, 2010
Rabbi Judah Halevi also acknowledges in his magnum opus, Sefer ha-Kuzari, that the celestial bodies have an influence on earthly affairs, but does not admit that the astrologers have the ability to determine the mode of operation of the star systems on human beings and other living creatures in the terrestrial world.
Municipal Human Development Index: 0.785 (2000)
Human Crossing received the 1985 Shogakukan Manga Award for the General category.
 Zambuling Institute for Human Transformation
Its ideology is based on Conservative principles, human rights and the rights of the individual, as well as the strengthening of national traditions.
 Asterion (anatomy), a point on the human skull
Genital human papillomavirus (HPV) is a common virus that most sexually active people in the U.S. will have at some time in their lives.
She was a member of numerous legislative and constitutional commissions, such as the member of the Criminal Code Reform Commission, president of the commission "Criminal Justice and Human Rights", coordinator of the Committee of Experts of the European Union on the project "Corpus Juris", and chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the European Anti-Fraud Office.
He was one of 25 officials from Guinea that the European Union threatened to sanction over allegations of human rights abuses.
But, with the advent of immunohistochemistry (IHC) staining and diagnostic molecular pathology testing on these specimen samples, formalin has become the standard chemical fixative in human diagnostic histopathology.
Cornelius is a brilliant cosmetic surgeon nicknamed the "Sculptor of Human Flesh" for his ability to alter people's likenesses.
Charles Horton Cooley's Human Nature and the Social Order is published.
However, they inform Macbeth that "none of woman born / Shall harm Macbeth" (4.1.91–92) — leading one to infer that no human could possibly defeat Macbeth.
On February 25, 2014, Kerman testified at a hearing on "Reassessing Solitary Confinement" before the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights chaired by Assistant Majority Leader Dick Durbin.
Her father is a human terrorist whom she was taken away from at a young age.
In vitro preincubation of vaginal epithelial cells (VECs) with physiological concentrations (– CFU/ml) of Lactobacillus CBI3 (a human isolate of L. plantarum or L. pentosus) increased the number of T. vaginalis cells able to adhere to the VEC monolayer up to eightfold.
Squalane has low acute toxicity and is not a significant human skin irritant or sensitizer.
On the other hand, some types of wetlands facilitate the mobilization and bioavailability of mercury (another heavy metal), which in its methyl mercury form increases the risk of bioaccumulation in fish important to animal food webs and harvested for human consumption.
In particular, the brains and eyes of NHPs more closely parallel human anatomy than those of any other animals.
For the purposes of this article, "ancient" Hawaii is defined as the period beginning with the first arrival of human settlers, around AD 1100, and ending with their initial contact with the first Western visitors.
He received the Mendel Medal granted by Villanova University during the Congress of Philadelphia, in recognition of his works on human paleontology.
She was appointed in January 2018 a judge at the European Court of Human Rights.
Karoly pointed out that one hundred years ago carbon dioxide in the atmosphere was 280 parts per million whereas now it is 400 parts per million, an increase of 40% which he asserted was unquestionably caused by human activity.
Diderot's intention in writing the dialogue—whether as a satire on contemporary manners, a reduction of the theory of self-interest to an absurdity, the application of irony to the ethics of ordinary convention, a mere setting for a discussion about music, or a vigorous dramatic sketch of a parasite and a human original—is disputed.
In November 2006, Minsky published The Emotion Machine, a book that critiques many popular theories of how human minds work and suggests alternative theories, often replacing simple ideas with more complex ones.
Although black stilts currently breed only in braided river systems in the South Island, subfossil bones show that prior to human arrival they were found in habitats as diverse as narrow bush streams in Hawkes Bay, and a wetland lake surrounded by forest in North Canterbury.
Philo affirms a transcendent God without physical features or emotional qualities resembling those of human beings.
Suffering in the form of everyday stress, hurt, anger, loneliness, worry and disappointment experienced by the layperson is thought to be the side effect of strategies that helped human ancestors survive and pass on their genes throughout evolution.
Afterwards researchers started to model the human abilities to create referring expressions in the 1980s.
In December 2006, the corporation filed 23 individual claims against Poland in the European Court of Human Rights, an action which has been condemned by both the Polish and German governments.
Tom Price, Republican U.S. representative  from Georgia's 6th congressional district (2005–2017), U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services, and a member of the Tea Party Caucus.
The Taipei Women’s Rescue Foundation (TWRF; Chinese：財團法人台北市婦女救援社會福利事業基金會, Simple name:婦女救援基金會), is a Taiwanese non-profit organization working to rescue and counsel female victims of human trafficking, prostitution and sexual or domestic violence.
In 1980, British synthpop group the Human League recorded a version for the band's second album, Travelogue.
Subsequently, Parliamentary Committee on Human Rights, National Minorities and Interethnic Relations unanimously supported petition and it was registered in the Ukrainian Parliament on May 20.
In this study, artistic freedom "was put forward as a basic human right that went beyond the 'right to create' or the 'right to participate in cultural life'."
Sara Mohammad (born 1967) is an Iraqi Kurdish-born Swedish human rights activist and pharmacist.
He focused on issues of human life: eudaimonia, justice, beauty, truth, and virtue.
The goal is to improve the ability of the nations involved to extend the rule of law within their territorial waters and exclusive economic zones and better combat illegal fishing, human smuggling, drug trafficking, oil theft and piracy.
She currently operates her own consulting business, Human Innovation.
Rhys Ifans as Dr. Curt Connors / Lizard: One of Oscorp's leading scientific minds and former partner of Peter's late father Richard Parker who attempts to engineer a revolutionary regeneration serum to help regrow limbs and human tissue.
In some instances, temporary, highly skilled professionals (particularly in the white-collar worker fields, such as human resources, research and development, engineering, and accounting) refer to themselves as consultants.
The CEO is the person who is ultimately accountable for a company's business decisions, including those in operations, marketing, business development, finance, human resources, etc.
Until his death, he dedicated his last efforts to Dreyfus' rehabilitation, (which he did not live to see, since it took place on 12 July 1906) and to the defence of human rights.
Human beings acquire and learn cultural rules and roles – in part through being taught, in part through observing and learning the patterns generated by others (that is, both through verbal and non-verbal communication).
His works in this domain are compiled in his Farhang-e 'olum-e ensāni (A Dictionary of Human Sciences).
For: Transitions Towards Cooperation in Human Societies
On September 25, 2010, Langbehn was awarded the National Equality Award by the Human Rights Campaign for her continued fight for equality in hospital visitation.
SIUE School of Education, Health and Human Behavior programs are accredited by the National Council for the Accreditation of Teacher Education, the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs, the National Association of School Psychologists, the Council on Academic Accreditation in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology, and the Council on Education for Public Health, as applicable.
ABC News wrote that Bridenstine was in favor of both human missions to the Moon and Mars.
This company has several subordinate administrative units such as the Office of Maintenance and Logistics, the Office of Job Training (Bureaux Instruction Empoi), and the Directorate of Human Resources (Direction des Ressources Humaines).
I Was Prey formally Human Prey is a single-season series that aired on Animal Planet.
The album was not initially released in South Africa, due to the country's human rights abuses.
"Is the human personality more plastic in infancy and childhood?
During the final scene, the gang forgives Eric for everything that he has done, and says that he should make some friends that are human.
JAMs play a significant role in many diverse physiological processes within the human body, including:
If all DNA-based nano-devices were closely monitored in the human body, they could be controlled quickly in the event of a malfunction.
The park is very large, in rugged terrain, and hence remains unaffected by human interference.
We had the return of Sabu from WCW, the heel turn of Taz that gave him the human submission machine gimmick, the early stages of the B.W.O, and the early emergence of future megastars in the sport such as Steve Austin and Rey Mysterio.
For example, grain grown on small family farms in the U.S. and Canada tend to lead to a more equal wealth distribution, whereas other colonies in the New World relied on slaves for their labor force, leading to very unequal distributions of wealth, human capital and political power, particularly between black (slaves) and white persons.
In this case, the thermostat would shut off the heating/cooling and decrease human comfort.
A virtual influencer, at times described as a virtual persona or virtual model, is a computer-generated fictional character that can be used for a variety of marketing-related purposes, but most frequently for social media marketing, in lieu of human "influencers".
According to the 2011 Department of State report, victims are largely from Thailand, India, Mexico, Philippines, Haiti, Honduras, El Salvador, and the Dominican Republic, though U.S. citizens have also been victims of human trafficking.
With all of  these endeavours, he never lost sight of the human factor, sending hundreds to be trained abroad in whatever vocation they were employed.
Created by Fernando, it is today the largest online platform in defense of human rights, with the highest Facebook involvement rate in Brazilian media and 15 million followers between Facebook and Instagram.
 The Politics of Virtue: Post-Liberalism and the Human Future, With Adrian Pabst, 2016 – ()
It was created to generate and assess internally for NASA's most senior leadership innovative concepts and options that merged human and robotic space exploration.
E24 	Employment • Unemployment • Wages • Intergenerational Income Distribution • Aggregate Human Capital • Aggregate Labor Productivity
Duque has been criticized strongly by human rights organizations for his opposition and ambivalence to the Colombian peace process with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) as violence occurring in rural areas of Colombia resulted with the deaths of indigenous leaders.
The government prosecuted no human trafficking offenses in 2009.
In a summary of the goals of the group, the Sect of Revolutionaries outlined their intent to create "A life of new human relationships, without authority, without borders, without religion, without divisions.
Human males tend to have a lower centre of gravity and higher muscle content, therefore find it more difficult to float or be buoyant.
Worldviews: Crosscultural Explorations of Human Belief.
The Gay and Lesbian Medical Association was founded in 1981 as the American Association of Physicians for Human Rights.
It was co-founded in 1973 by former astronaut Edgar Mitchell, the sixth man to walk on the Moon, along with investor Paul N. Temple and others interested in purported paranormal phenomena, in order to encourage and conduct research on noetics and human potentials.
Insects destined for human consumption are first sterilized in hot water and then are refrigerated or freeze-dried.
Key patterns have been discovered and used in ornamentation by a number of global cultures in human history, and are thought to largely have been designed independently of each other.
If the business application error occurred due to a workflow issue or human errors during data input, then the business users are notified.
Criminal Division: Responsible for prosecutions of federal crimes, including bank and bankruptcy fraud; consumer, elder, government, and health care fraud; child exploitation and human trafficking; civil rights; criminal immigration; cybercrimes; environmental crimes; national security; narcotics; public corruption; securities fraud; tax; trade secrets theft; and violent crimes.
Specifically, TER functions under the United Nations' definition of human trafficking: "recruitment, transportation, transfer, harboring or receipt of people through force, fraud or deception, with the aim of exploiting them for profit."
In 2000, Jackson Lee favored permanently normalizing trade status for China, arguing that it would aid both human rights and Houston's economy.
29 years old, investment agent of M&A company Human Partners Korea.
Zimbabwe withdrew from the Commonwealth of Nations in December 2003, due to international criticism of the Government of Zimbabwe's human rights record.
These regions also turned out to harbor more disease-risk variants associated with diabetes or pancreas cancer than other parts of the human genome.
After scouring the world for every Asterisk, the four learn that the book contains the memories of the Night's Nexus, and that the Night's Nexus was once a human woman who attempted to consume all information in the world and went insane.
Treatment is by growth hormone replacement using synthetic human growth hormone.
The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) is an international non-governmental organization founded in 1961, working in the field of the wilderness preservation, and the reduction of human impact on the environment.
On July 3, US President George Bush expressed "deep condolences for the loss of human life", and US authorities later stated that the area affected by the bombing would be rebuilt.
The attack perpetrated Saturday night against the students who remained entrenched in the National Agrarian University (UNA) left at least eight wounded, two of them seriously, as confirmed by students from that campus, who this Sunday collected evidence of the aggression that was documented by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (CIDH).
Over the next two years, von Hagens developed his first Body Worlds exhibition, showing whole bodies plastinated in lifelike poses and dissected to show various structures and systems of human anatomy, which has since met with public interest and controversy in more than 50 cities around the world.
Mongolia Human Development Report 1997, UNDP Mongolia Communications Office, 1997
This award is given to the best overall paper that deals with clinical based research or human in vivo research.
: Human rights, the oil complex and corporate social responsibility.
The Ego is the conscious aspect of human personality; the Id is the unconscious, animal-instinct aspect; and the super-ego is the control mechanism that mediates and adjusts a person's thoughts and actions and behavior in accordance with the social norms of society.
In historical linguistics, monogenesis refers to the idea that all spoken human languages are descended from a single ancestral language spoken many thousands of years ago.
Research, published in 2009, described placements of stones near a section of Lake Stanley shoreline that could be interpreted as hunting infrastructure; authors O’Shea and Mathews suggested that the stones, now underwater, could have been gathered and placed as “drive lanes” to force or entice migratory caribou into a human ambush.
He was one of the few human heroes of Hong Kong and had created the Special Zone in the aftermath to hide the Kowloon King's ashes.
Their skin has a similar appearance to human skin, but has a more rubbery texture.
Philosopher Robert Pennock notes that rather than being a "broad dissent", the statement's wording is "very narrow, omitting any mention of the evolutionary thesis of common descent, human evolution or any of the elements of evolutionary theory except for the Darwinian mechanism, and even that was mentioned in a very limited and rather vague manner."
Archaeological discoveries at the Tillett site of Wanchese, North Carolina have dated the human occupation of Roanoke Island's land at 8,000 B.C.
The early ISA members were "knob-turners" who specialized in electronic surveillance, "spooks" who specialized in human intelligence, intelligence specialists, and some administrative and logistical staff.
In an article for The Human Life Review, Mary Rose Somarriba dismissed the film as "obvious propaganda".
The outcome of the tests is that WebCrow  can successfully compete with average human players on single language schemes and reaches expert level performance in multi-language crosswords.
He was a dictator convicted of human rights violations and leader of a violent coup.
Kit foxes are also known to cache food and eat human food.
If there are two or more human players and three or more players overall, the rabanete option can be turned on (unlocked after beating the game).
Human utilisation of the National Park 
Traces of human presence in the Bronze Age have been found in Gazzaniga.
The nest is constructed with sticks and well lined, often with wool, grass, dry dung and, perhaps detrimentally, human garbage.
They also colonized the Pegasus galaxy and seeded human life there, before being driven out by the Wraith.
There is anecdotal evidence that the Ilaga often committed human rights abuses by targeting the Moro and Lumad peoples, as well as attempting to seize additional territory.
Australian expatriate jurist Geoffrey Robertson, who had been representing some of the Magnitsky campaigners, described the Act as "one of the most important new developments in human rights."
After the Turtles de-mutate the two mutants (with help from Perry) and defeat Tatsu in a nightclub, the Shredder appears and threatens to mutate an innocent woman with a small reserve mutagen vial (the canister was knocked away by the Turtles' new human ally, Keno).
Hounsfield built a prototype head scanner and tested it first on a preserved human brain, then on a fresh cow brain from a butcher’s shop, and later on himself.
Psychological suffering as an inevitable, and sometimes useful, part of human existence has been long-recognised, and the idea of divine madness pervades ancient societies and religions.
Human contact with the water is prohibited by the Board of Directors at the Casitas Municipal Water District.
As an atheist, his dreamed-of utopia was to be scientifically-based, involving the evolution of a perfect human race.
He performed on their 1990 demo Reincremated, the 1991 EP, Human Waste, their 1991 debut album Effigy of the Forgotten, and their 1993 album Breeding the Spawn.
Parosha Chandran, a human rights barrister and United Nations expert on trafficking, claimed that "the bill is very poor on victim protection".
In 2012, MD Anderson initiated a review of Aggarwal's research after the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Research Integrity notified the institution that academic whistleblowers had found evidence of image manipulation in 65 published papers by Aggarwal.
Julius (born 1979), a chimpanzee at Kristiansand Zoo and Amusement Park known for living his childhood with a human family.
Examples of the latter are the Japanese Shorthorn, a breed of small Japanese beef cattle that is distributed in northern Honshu and also in Hokkaido, and the Japanese weasel, which was introduced to Hokkaido by human intervention.
Naturally, there are concerns that just as in 19th-century London, as human directionals become more and more commonplace, their effectiveness will be diminished.
She also has human hands in the place of talons.
Radcliff's population previously fluctuated greatly depending on the deployments of the units at the base, but the BRAC reorganization of 2005, and the quartering of the U.S. Army's Human Resources Command to Fort Knox has created a larger and more stable population.
Grakliani Hill, one of the oldest and richest human archaeological sites, is located near Kaspi.
The monsters in the series are categorized by five threat levels: God (can cause human extinction), Dragon (can destroy multiple towns), Demon (can destroy a town), Tiger (can cause massive loss of life), and Wolf (generally dangerous).
 "The Human Game" (with Pieter Bourke, 1998)
Prior to the escape, Rivas had been serving 18 life sentences for a string of armed robberies that culminated in a three-hour hostage crisis at a Toys R Us during which he used eight employees as human shields.
Research regarding the human brain has also become a major focus at the university.
LeuT, which is also a member of the NSS family that functions as an amino acid transporter, was crystallized from Aquifex aeolicus by Yamashita et al., and shares 20-25% identity in primary structure with the human neurotransmitter transporters.
She was a founding member of the University of Chicago's Gay Liberation  and the first African American woman to earn her doctorate degree in Human Development at the University of Chicago.
BIRD has been active in campaigning for the release of Bahraini human rights activist Nabeel Rajab, who has been repeatedly imprisoned in Bahrain after criticising the Bahraini government.
Inter organismic communication in communication between organisms of the same species (conspecifics), this includes human speech.
Wild birds impact many human activities, while domesticated birds are important sources of eggs, meat, feathers, and other products.
This conformity bias is prevalent in human culture as well and is commonly referred to as peer pressure.
Further technological advances will provide new insights into the function and regulation of coactivators at a whole-organism level and elucidate their role in human disease, which will hopefully provide better targets for future drug therapies.
Winner of the Games For Purpose category, Conference on Human Factors in Computing Science 2013, Paris, France.
Salma AlHajjaj (general manager - human resources)
Judicial birching was abolished in the Isle of Man in 1993 following the 1978 judgment in Tyrer v. UK by the European Court of Human Rights.
Another name for human resources is personnel, though this is outdated.
Floribert Chebeya was a human rights activist who had survived Mobutu Sese Seko's dictatorship and the subsequent civil war.
Although Thera is civilized, they were looked down by the other cultures who use them for human sacrifice.
 "Evaluating Compliance with FCC Guidelines for Human Exposure to Radiofrequency Electromagnetic Field" (Supplement C to OET Bulletin 65), June 2001; a detailed technical document about measuring SAR
To avoid clearance from the body by the innate immune system, pathogens (e.g., virus particles and bacteria that infect human cells) often express surface lectins known as adhesins and hemagglutinins that bind to tissue-specific glycans on host cell-surface glycoproteins and glycolipids.
The party believed in the strengthening of freedom and human rights, institution of free and fair elections, and defending Cambodia's "national integrity".
The vast majority of the time, human infection is through airborne spores, although infections of deep wounds and medical devices can also occur through water contamination.
Valuable architectural elements include a Gothic window frame from 1400 decorated with human figures; corbels unique to the region that describe a treasure hidden inside; and the city’s first coat of arms, inscribed O.P.R.
Their exhale can rise up to 15 feet into the air, clocking at a speed of 300 mph(the human sneeze at its fastest is about 100 mph).
2008 – Natan Sharansky, former KGB prisoner, human rights activist, Israeli politician.
Human behavior tends to change based on the environment and the surrounding challenges that individuals begin to face.
Yet the real God is far more merciful than any human creature ever was or can ever imagine."
In other words, "Media ecology looks into the matter of how media of communication affect human perception, understanding, feeling, and value; and how our interaction with media facilitates or impedes our chances of survival.
Terrain on northeastern, eastern and southeastern sides is very hilly, steep, high and quite difficult for human intrusion.
The Mustafa Prize will be awarded to the top work in fields and applications associated with the biomedical sciences and technologies which has left a lasting impact on our perception of the life and how it has improved the quality of human life.
Practitioners also engage in advocating so human systems remain accessible, integrated, efficient and effective.
In addition to the applied practices, legal psychology also includes academic or empirical research on topics involving the relationship of law to human mental processes and behavior.
An empirical methodology for engineering human systems integration.
Thoreau was a philosopher of nature and its relation to the human condition.
Occasional human remains and tombstones have been discovered at the park since its construction.
The clock is hosted by Human Impact Lab, itself part of Concordia University.
DHDR Article 30 is dedicated to the duty and responsibility to ensure the substantive equality of persons with a disability, and to ensure the enjoyment and exercise of all human rights and fundamental freedoms without discrimination on the basis of disability.
She also worked with Bill Frist, the Republican Senate Majority Leader, in support of modernizing medical records with computer technology to reduce human errors, such as misreading prescriptions.
Human Rights Watch states that institutionalized violence committed by the Jatiya Rakkhi Bahini during the insurgency, established the culture of impunity and widespread prevalence of abuses by security forces in independent Bangladesh.
He worried that the provincial party bosses and the heads of the economic ministries had achieved too a high degree of autonomy during the war, when the top leadership realized the urgent need for maximum mobilization of human and material resources.
La Cartilla Socialista lays out Fourier's program for agrarian socialism, and begins by asking: "What is the most elevated and reasonable goal that human intelligence can be devoted to?
(See Declaration on the Production and the Scientific and Therapeutic Use of Human Embryonic Stem Cells.)
It is evaluated on the same benchmark as GenProg and generate correct patches (i.e., equivalent to human patches) for 18 out of 69 cases.
Such a bite can be more severe than that of a tiger, and has been known to crush the heads of some human victims.
She embarked on an undercover investigation titled Inside Nigeria’s Ruthless Human trafficking Mafia  in 2013 which was published by Premium Times in 2014.
With a virtuous attitude, the Book of Inbam remains unique as a poetic appreciation of flowering human love as explicated by the Sangam period's concept of intimacy, known as agam in the Tamil literary tradition.
His early work on the perception of temporal-envelope information corroborated the existence of tuned (selective) modulation filters at central stages of the human auditory system, consistent with the notion that the auditory system computes some form of modulation spectrum of incoming sounds.
Together they saved over 60,000 human lives.
Since more than one-third of the human drugs were first added in Li Shizhen's time, suggested that "research into the origin of these relatively recent remedies which may reveal a new interchange of thought and practice between China and other civilizations.
Three-Bodied or Triple-Bodied Daemon, a winged monster with three human bodies ending in serpent-tails.
 Sergio Aguayo (born 1947), Mexican academic and human rights activist
History of the human brain 
She carves a vast tragedy down to a size and shape that will fit into a human heart."
The scenario was based around the concept of five different races, and the interaction with a human character.
Common variants in FBN1 can have effects on the gene and human phenotypes as well.
“Nature is not an obstacle to human aspirations, but an essential partner, offering valuable contributions towards all our endeavours.”
 Carpathia, a fictional planet settled by human refugees from Earth in the one-season BBC sci-fi series Outcasts
E. histolytica may modulate the virulence of certain human viruses and is itself a host for its own viruses.
His father was a federal public servant who later served as Commonwealth Crown Solicitor, and Whitlam senior's involvement in human rights issues was a powerful influence on his son.
Magnesium whitlockite has been implicated in different disease states and is currently being studied for use in the fabrication of human prosthetics.
New York City is well known for its street parades, which celebrate a broad array of themes, including holidays, nationalities, human rights, and major league sports team championship victories.
Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree program with specializations in Global Management, Health Care Management, Human Resources Management, Information and Communications Technology Management, and Marketing.
The mere mention of his true name destroys the sanity of any human who hears it and he has the ability to alter reality at a thought.
Good strategic leadership practices, with the right balance of the analytic dimension and the human dimension and the discipline and commitment to see the process through during strategy formulation and implementation can be a strong driver to take the “we/they” line much deeper into the organization.
In the manga, it is explained that the power of the soul of the half-Duras Reiga was too strong for his fully human incarnations before they reached maturity, which is why his power and memories as Reiga are sealed away until his physical body could withstand the strain of all his power.
He served as director of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute of Anthropology, Human Heredity, and Eugenics, and also served as rector of the Frederick William University of Berlin.
They are the lowest known form of human beings & are the nearest thing to monkeys."
The Test Booklet can be quickly scored by clients, human service practitioners, or clerical support staff.
Studies of human life in space have augmented the understanding of the effects of adjusting to a space environment, such as alterations in body fluids, negative influences on the immune system and effects of space on sleep patterns.
Verónica Michelle Bachelet Jeria (; born 29 September 1951) is a Chilean politician who has served as United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights since 2018.
Animal studies began in March 2020, and recruitment  of 510 human participants for a phase I/II trial began on 27 March, and the results were presented in October.
In 2004 she was elected to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, serving as its vice president in 2007 and as its president for the 2008–09 period (the first time a woman has held the office).
The commission of inquiry presented the United Nations Human Rights Council a full 252-page report.
In order to realize his vision of culling the human race for the planet's well-being, he lends his resources and political acumen to unite the Parasites and transform the chaotic "Mincemeat Murders" into a streamlined process of mass slaughter.
The focus is on developing human life energy — Qi — for self-healing and life transformation.
Lenz became director of the Institute of Human Genetics in Münster in 1965.
She also holds a certification in Human resources from NUST business School.
An additional 9,000 registrations are taken annually for part-time personal, professional and human resources development courses, workshops and seminars.
The meeting was organized around eight sub-themes: (i) Cybersecurity and Trust; (ii) Internet Economy; (iii) Inclusiveness and Diversity; (iv) Openness; (v) Enhancing Multistakeholder Cooperation; (vi) Internet and Human Rights; (vii) Critical Internet Resources and (viii) Emerging Issues.
William Warda () is an Iraqi–Assyrian journalist and human rights campaigner.
During a 2006 meeting with Turkmen President Saparmurat Niyazov, Steinmeier criticized Turkmenistan for its slow progress in implementing the rule of law and human rights and said that the state's progress in carrying out political reforms had been "too halting".
Lloyd Girton Humphreys (December 12, 1913 – September 7, 2003) was an American differential psychologist and methodologist who focused on assessing individual differences in human behavior.
She is a Rockefeller Bellagio Fellow  Heller has been credited as founding the first design department in a major advertising agency and her work focuses on investigating the contributions design have on human health and its impact on society.
Animal and human studies have found correlations between poor care during infancy and epigenetic changes that correlate with long-term impairments that result from neglect.
For example, the United Nations Charter enshrines the right of peoples to self-determination, and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights also guarantees peoples' right to change nationality; the UK is a signatory to both documents.
In addition to its reconnaissance payload, Discoverer 18 carried a biological research payload, intended to investigate human tissues in space.
After a distinguished career including writing the Mental Evolution in Man, which focused on the evolution of human cognitive and physical functions, her husband died in 1894.
It is the city with the highest per capita income in Brazil (US$31,322.00 in 2010) and it also has the highest Human Development Index.
Hellstrike and his other dead teammates return, partly detailed in the series Stormwatch: Post Human Division.
For charitable services to Homeless People and to Victims of Human Trafficking through the Salvation Army.
According to Padmanabh Jaini, a professor of Indic studies, in Jainism and Buddhism, the Adi Purana text states "there is only one jati called manusyajati or the human caste, but divisions arise on account of their different professions".
Part I, para 14 states: "The existence of widespread extreme poverty inhibits the full and effective enjoyment of human rights; its immediate alleviation and eventual elimination must remain a high priority for the international community."
Researchers failed to extract usable DNA from the Mladeč human fossils for the purposes of a DNA analysis.
"These robots are a human achievement.
The European Court of Human Rights decided in her favour, ruling that the European Parliament formed a part of Gibraltar's legislature and held that the UK was bound by its conventions to secure the right for the people of Gibraltar to elect the European Parliament.
In 2016, at the 71st Session of the UN General Assembly, leaders of several Pacific Island countries called for UN action on alleged human rights abuses committed against Papua's indigenous Melanesians, with some leaders calling for self-determination for West Papua.
The sili reflects the different aspects of human life and their relationship with nature.
She was also a delegate to the United Nations, an worked on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (1948) and the Convention Against Genocide (1951).
The Human Transplantation (Wales) Bill was laid before the National Assembly for Wales on 4 December 2012, by Lesley Griffiths, Minister for Health and Social Services.
Personality and social psychologists now generally agree that both personal and situational variables are needed to account for human behavior.
'Gentiles of the Soul: Maximus the Confessor on the Substructure and Transformation of the Human Passions'.
In: Genomic Diversity: Applications in Human Population Genetics.
Shipman opened his lab at UCSF and the Gladstone Institutes in 2019 with a focus on building new molecular technology to help study and treat human disease.
Detroit Venture Partners' portfolio includes DJ app Rockbot, mobile app developer Detroit Labs, and CAPTCHA replacement company Are You a Human.
The family gets plenty of time to play off of one another, the jokes are quick and sharp, and it all wraps up not with some boring lesson being imparted by one character to another, but in some simple human truth about parents and their young kids.
Experts in interaction design such as Alan Cooper believe this concept puts blame in the wrong place, the user, instead of blaming the error-inducing design and its failure to take into account human limitations.
On July 24, 2020, the United Nations official urged the Nigerian authorities to immediately release a prominent human rights defender Mubarak Bala, who has been detained for more than two months without charges, on accusations of blasphemy.
I would not take the life of a human being to save my own.
Human longevity and parental age at conception.
and Anthropocene: The Human Epoch.
Marín, who had no formal scientific education, was endowed with a special technical ingenuity and is a good example of the ageless human aspiration toward flight."
Inignaouei is a human settlement in the Arlit Department of the Agadez Region of northern-central Niger.
Miki described the settlement as marking "a great day for justice and human rights" and "a historic day for Canadians of Japanese ancestry who have been struggling so long to resolve the injustices of the 1940s".
Human brain scans indicated that a peripheral part of this brain region is active when trying to identify musical pitch.
SCIB1 is a plasmid DNA which encodes a human antibody molecule engineered to express two cytotoxic T cell epitopes derived from the melanoma antigens Tyrosinase-Related Protein 2 (TRP2) and gp100 plus two helper T cell epitopes.
However, for a human being actually to perceive the stillness of reality, a quality of supreme attentiveness, beyond anything mortals are capable of, must be cultivated.
MacIntyre has argued that Aquinas' synthesis of Augustinianism with Aristotelianism is more insightful than modern moral theories by focusing upon the telos ('end', or completion) of a social practice and of a human life, within the context of which the morality of acts may be evaluated.
Milford H. Wolpoff is paleoanthropologist whose work done when studying human fossil records explored anagenesis as a hypothesis for hominin evolution.
IPM is used in agriculture, horticulture, forestry, human habitations, preventive conservation of cultural property and general pest control, including structural pest management, turf pest management and ornamental pest management.
Proclus pointed to the conflict between Hera and Artemis in the Illiad as a representation of the two kinds of human souls.
A vaccine for the 2003 SARS virus took 13 years to develop, and was ready for human trials in 2016, which have not yet happened.
Television reviewer Ric Meyers joked that the A-Team used "antineutron bullets—they destroy property for miles around, but never harm a human being".
Icehouse Bottom is an archeological site of ancient human occupation that was located along the south bank of the Little Tennessee.
As one of India's premier Indian Institutes of Technology, the university came into existence in 2016 when a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU)  between Department of Higher Education, Government of Jammu and Kashmir and Department of Higher Education, Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD), Government of India, was signed.
Certain groups and minorities in Dominican society including the Haitian ethnic minority, women and LGBTQI+ citizens have been the victims of grave abuses of their human rights, attracting widespread condemnation from the international community.
This was addressed in the book Big Brain: The Origins and Future of Human Intelligence (2008) by neurologists Gary Lynch and  Richard Granger, who claimed the large brain size in Boskop individuals might be indicative of particularly high general intelligence.
The viewer confronts from the importance of human conflict and war from the very beginning [2]
Human trafficking in the Rio Grande Valley has become "ground zero" and was considered the "new Arizona" in December 2011 by the Homeland Security Today.
The rule that the Constitution does not apply retrospectively affects challenges to violations of human rights that occurred before the commencement of the Constitution.
The materials that were collected during the two year exposé are housed at the Human Rights Documentation Initiative (HRDI), The University of Texas at Austin.
However, a proportion of acrocentric p-arms in cell lines and tissues from normal human donors do not contain detectable NORs.
He has experimented with styles such as abstract art, stylized human figures, costumbrismo, surrealism, and figurative art.
The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office additionally stirred interest into the topic by granting a patent request for a genetically modified mouse with a human immune system.
His execution was condemned by religious and political figures and human rights groups as the largest carried out in the kingdom since 1980.
At the same time she became interested in the human and social needs of people working in wartime factories and developed a philosophy of the interdependence of people with each other and with nature.
United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Michelle Bachelet said: "Entire families, some who have fled from one corner of Syria to the other over the course of the past decade, are tragically finding that bombs are part of their everyday life.
Bottlenosed dolphin and human recognition of veridical and degraded video displays of an artificial gestural language.
The center researches early human behavior and includes a team of multidisciplinary scholars, including paleoclimatologists Nele Meckler and Eystein Jansen and psychologists Andrea Bender and Kenneth Hugdahl.
From 22 March 2011 to 22 March 2016 he served as Chairperson of Punjab State Human Rights Commission.
Abkhazia was classified as partly free by the Freedom House, its 2009 report naming corruption, problems in the legal system and the unresolved Georgian refugee problem as the main human rights issues.
In 2015 the first positive allosteric modulator for the human D1 receptor was discovered by high-throughput screening.
Byrne also had Vision refuse an offer by Wonder Man to restore human brain patterns to his mind, possibly restoring his capacity for emotions in the process.
A complete human being was set before us, without additives."
He took sound engineering classes at college and said his favorite musicians were Prince, David Bowie, Depeche Mode and the Human League.
He spoke before the legislature concerning the ratification of the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution which abolished slavery and involuntary servitude: "A human soul, 'that God has created and Christ died for,' is not to be trifled with.
Affective Publics won Best Book award for the Human Communication and Technology Division of the National Communication Association in 2015 and was praised by critics.
Threes in Human Anatomy by Dr. John A. McNulty
118 academic courses and 12 AP classes are offered, with electives that include International Human Rights, Robotics, Game Design and 3D Modeling, Biotechnology, Video and Animation, Electricity, Magnetism and Optics and Portfolio Development.
The book describes human emotions and experiences and the language used to understand them.
There are no cities in Antarctica, but there are some human settlements:
The Characters by Theophrastus contains thirty brief, vigorous and trenchant outlines of moral types, which form a picture of the life of his time, and of human nature in general.
Her dissertation on the history of human chimeras was funded by the National Science Foundation
The College of Education and Human Development (CEHD) is one of seventeen colleges and professional schools at the University of Minnesota.
Commitment to human rights does not preclude a variety of world views or ethical systems and interpretations.
This new human ecology emphasizes complexity over reductionism, focuses on changes over stable states, and expands ecological concepts beyond plants and animals to include people.
Good biosecurity is important to zoos and aquariums because it helps to keep wildlife, both in human care and in the wild, safe and healthy.
However, this is not a conventional test in human medicine in the US since there are no FDA-approved uses for the bromide.
From the point of view of the human mind, He is most void.
 Map of the Human Heart by Vincent Ward
Jo Planckaert of Belgium was implicated in a doping affair involving both trafficking and taking banned performance-enhancing drugs, human growth hormone and Aranesp, a synthetic drug which increases red blood cell levels.
In 2003, he graduated from University of Oregon with a BS in Exercise and Movement Science, in 2008 he graduated from University of Oregon with a Master of Science in Human Physiology, and earned a Ph.D in Integrative Physiology from University of Oregon in 2010.
Abou Louz, although he gets rid of the features of the slogans and the direct tone that were part of the world of his poem in its beginnings, yet he extracts from it the human tone of resistance and the stress on the impact of exile that distracts the poem from its origin meaning.
Ömer Faruk Gergerlioğlu (born 2 November 1965) is a Turkish medical doctor (pulmonologist), human rights activist and an MP (Member of the Turkish Grand National Assembly - TBMM) for the Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP).
Every element of this assumption has been questioned: the reliability of the interrogator's judgement, the value of comparing only behaviour and the value of comparing the machine with a human.
By Russell's account, the desire to empower oneself is unique to human nature.
Orphee - Human Drama " A Single White Rose"; Projekt Records Compilation 2000.
Bloom took the term daemonization from Neoplatonism, where it refers to an adept being aided by an intermediary, who is neither divine nor human.
In 1861, he examined 432 human brains from cadavers and found that the brains of men had an average weight of 1325 grams, while the brains of women had an average weight of 1144 grams.
It was informed that the Human Rights framework towards multiculturalism should be a remedy when addressing clearly biased provisions and practices towards Muslim women in Islamic legal community.
Sachs, Wolfgang; Environment and Human Rights.
Kirishima also intended to kill Nishino due to her being a human knowing the identities of ghouls, however, after Nishino compliments Kirishima's kagune, Kirishima spares her.
G. columbianus, the Cuban coney, was endemic to Cuba, where it went extinct shortly after human colonization.
The pictured example of Aztec hieroglyphs shows the mummy of a human figure bound with ropes, with a crown on its head, indicating the death of a ruler.
In his address on that day, he said:"the Shroud is an image of God's love as well as of human sin" and
4) #27 - 30, the Fantastic Four (Black Panther, Storm, the Human Torch and the Thing) are teleported by King Solomon's Frogs to the "Marvel Zombies universe" where they encounter the Marvel Zombies in their "Zombie Galacti" form on a Skrull planet.
She was a human rights fellow at the Washington College of Law, and World fellow of Yale University.
However, former pupil Randolph Bourne, writing in The New Republic, while recognising the practical benefit of the technique, criticised Alexander's belief in the evolution of human society towards conscious control, a complaint echoed by the historian James Harvey Robinson in an Atlantic Monthly review.
In June 2008, human rights lawyer Pearl Eliadis responded to Alan Borovoy's concern that he never expected section 13 would be used against the free expression of opinion.
Bookwus ("Wild man of the woods") masks are carved with deep inset eyes, a hooked nose, and features similar to those of a human skull.
The characters are primarily cartoon-like anthropomorphic fruits and vegetables, though the game does contain some human characters, including Princess Tomato's sister, Lisa, and the villainous Farmies.
While he admired the natural world and the animals who inhabited it, he believed that animals served a singular purpose: to satisfy human needs, especially in the name of progress.
In this Gonzo-style interview, Lester Bangs attempts to demythologize rock-n-roll and its stars by giving the arrogant behavior of rock superstars a more vulnerable, human context.
The novel is set in an undefined distant future (although it is implied to exist roughly 5000 years from now), in which there is a galactic empire spanning eighty worlds, amongst other human civilizations.
He also complimented Levine for his portrayal of David as being "consistently compelling, vulnerable, nervous and frequently defensive yet hungry for human contact that will feed his self-knowledge".
Under this translation paradigm, the computer software that assists the human translator attempts to predict the text the user is going to input by taking into account all the information it has available.
It consisted of him cooking and eating what is alleged to be a human fetus.
Non-representational theory has provoked substantial debate within the field of human geography around the limits of the mediation of our world through language and how we might see, sense, and communicate beyond it.
The Government of Botswana did not increase its efforts to prosecute or punish trafficking offenses over the last year, though it investigated several suspected cases of human trafficking.
In her capacity as a representative of the Argentine Commission for Human Rights, she was involved in the case of United States vs. Horacio Daniel Lofredo..
His articles have appeared in leading journals such as The Academy of Management Journal, The Academy of Management Review, Administrative Science Quarterly, Organization Science, Organizational Dynamics, The Journal of Organizational Behavior, Human Resource Management, and Policy Studies Review.
He points out that historically the human body is pre-tuned to undergo bouts of hard work and in particular can cope remarkably well with endurance events in hot climates.
Anopheles gambiae (then Anopheles coastalis), the most important of the vectors transmitting human malaria, was first recognised as such in 1899 at Freetown, Sierra Leone.
 PDBe-KB provides an overview of all the structure information available in the PDB for Human Tapasin
This is a human construction which we nevertheless often assume would exist even if we were not here (which is an indication of how deeply imprinted it has become).
She had investigated hundreds of individual incidents of pesticide exposure and the resulting human sickness and ecological damage.
In this region are the oldest human settlements in the Isthmus of Panama.
The Lives of the Novel narrates the history of the novel from its Ancient Greek origins to the present, based on the assumption that older as well as more recent narratives are all about human beings, their values, their passions, and their actions, thus being comprehensible across the borders of time and cultures.
Despite his brutal, tough exterior, he is loyal to the cops and detectives serving under him and highly "dedicated" to the victims of the crimes his unit investigates to the point of committing human rights violations, mainly torture, and not respecting the law.
 Enuff z'Nuff -  Animals with Human Intelligence  
 That candidate countries achieve stable institutions that guarantee democracy, legality, human rights and respect for and protection of minorities.
Karen K. Narasaki (born April 4, 1958) is an American civil rights leader and human rights activist.
"Seeking Breaches in the Wall:  An International Human Rights Law Challenge to the Texas-Mexico Border Wall," Texas International Law Journal, Vol.
The National Center for Research Resources (NCRR) was one of the 27 institutes and centers that make up the National Institutes of Health (NIH) within the Department of Health and Human Services of the federal government of the United States.
The 'progressive' attack on discipline, and on traditional institutions such as the family, was concerned as much with power-structures and class as it ever was with sentiment or human goodness", and took issue with Dalrymple's assessment of Rousseau.
The Cuban government has been accused of numerous human rights abuses, including torture, arbitrary imprisonment, unfair trials, and extrajudicial executions (a.k.a.
the legend of Tristan and Isolde, several saints' stories (including Saints Thomas, Anne and Elizabeth), as well as the Mirror of Human Salvation.
This above-ground cycle has the potential to be carbon neutral, but of course the human involvement in operating and guiding the cycle means additional energy input, often coming from fossil sources.
The earliest fossils clearly in the human but not the chimpanzee lineage appear between about 4.5 to 4 million years ago, with Australopithecus anamensis.
Robin, the first human to be born in cyberspace, battles Triple XXX: an evil siren who desires an earthly body, and who gains power through mankind's baser carnal desires.
It has been estimated that if the human cerebellar cortex could be completely unfolded it would give rise to a layer of neural tissue about 1 meter long and 10 centimeters wide—a total surface area of 500-1000 square cm, all packed within a volume of 100-150 cubic cm.
Its powers include a human disguise, a shoulder energy cannon, a sword, a laser rifle, and explosive throwing knives.
During the tour KWRU made contact with many groups and organizations from across the country that were interested in working to gain and ensure economic human rights for all people.
Attention and training from human caregivers is important in keeping them occupied, as are chewable toys and foraging toys that require them to work for their food.
She is a member of the Executive Committee of the International Human Rights Network of Academies and Scholarly Societies since 2005.
A 2003 survey conducted by the Human Sciences Research Council found that 85% of UCDP voters were female.
The human condition is the main concern of the painter manifested in his early works by the alienated individual within the city.
In addition he shows how the concepts around which coherent discourse can be organized and the content that they articulate are irreducible, and that this content, under the name of categories, can be understood as the guiding concepts that organize human life and activity.
The Qeng Ho trading culture gradually starts to dilute this, by demonstrating to the Emergents certain benefits of tolerated and restricted free trade; the two human cultures merge to some extent over the decades of forced co-operation.
It is remarkable for its wealth (and fine preservation) of Norman stone carvings, both inside and out, all original both in form and position and incorporating many corbels with representations of human faces, hares, fish, fowl, stags etc.
Pillar 4- Methods that enforce the rule of law as the foundation of fighting terrorism and ensuring all have human rights.
 all the human creatures: according to the promise of Jesus in .
This gene is located on human chromosome 11q24, a region frequently altered in cancers.
The Doctor refrains from killing the young Adipose because they are children, to which Donna remarks that his previous companion Martha made him more human.
In modern usage, the American verison also often uses "their" instead of "his" in "Let each stand in his place", and "free" instead of "be" in "Shall be the Human race."
Public awareness of the uniqueness of S. atra aurorae has recently grown in the human communities of the Altopiano dei Sette Comuni.
Achilles tendon – a tendon of the back of the leg, and the thickest in the human body.
Site with evidence of non-Clovis human remains, a rock painting rupestre art drawings from at least 12,000–6,000 BP.
Belatedly, it replaced Tikka, whose military tactics had caused such havoc and human loss of life, with the more restrained Lieutenant General A.A.K.
In 2007, the Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev signed a “State Program on Azerbaijani citizens education abroad for the period of 2007-2015” to convert oil capital to human capital.
21 January – January 1999 Mineriad: In Bucharest takes place a joint press conference of Group for Social Dialogue, Civic Alliance, Association of Former Political Prisoners in Romania, League for the Defence of Human Rights and Association of Victims of the Mineriads, during which is publicized the decision to organize a protest march against the miners manifestations, on 22 January.
The latter he performed along with Jon Batiste and Stay Human as a "bonus track".
Earlier writers portrayed the Torch's body as anatomically identical to human, but made out of synthetic materials (such as ceramic bone).
The "Tamil Centre for Human Rights" recorded that from 1983 to 2004, 47,556 Tamil civilians were killed by the war.
Politkovskaya also angered other powerful people - including the Russian military - with her investigative reporting and human rights advocacy.
Cozolino's more recent writings focus on the evolution of the human brain into a social organ and the ways in which brains connect to attune, communicate, and regulate one another.
The recidivist, for instance, would upon his third conviction of an offense motivated by "the strongest and most basic human drives" (including theft, robbery, arson, and rape, but also damaging property) be sentenced to an indeterminate prison term, to be served in a state of "penal servitude," with the use of corporal punishment to enforce prison discipline.
In Jainism, the Tirthankaras represent the true goal of all human beings.
The Oxford Human Rights Hub comments, "Cabral was crucial in the process leading to the enactment of Argentina’s Gender Identity Law in 2012, a law which has been extensively cited in court decisions on gender identity cases, including the Indian Supreme Court, and which has inspired legislation reform in countries including Malta, the Netherlands and Sweden."
In 2019, he wrote a travelogue essay with Human Rights Watch colleague Steve Swerdlow for the Los Angeles Review of Books examining Uzbekistan's efforts at reform.
The human GRP gene is located on chromosome 18q21.
 Acceptable Response Times from the GNOME Human Interface Guidelines
Human Trafficking is a $9 billion industry.
 HLA-A30, a human serotype
Together they discover the Doctor used beacons to open a wormhole connecting Earth and Gaia and intends to send the large mass of XADA (called an AZA) through the rift to destroy the remnants of the human race.
Today, 38 U.S. States legally recognize a human fetus or "unborn child" as a crime victim, at least for the purpose of homicide or feticide laws.
By the estimates of Yeltsin's human rights adviser Sergei Kovalev, about 27,000 civilians died in the first five weeks of fighting.
Several cities and states, such as New York state, have passed legislation to specifically list mephedrone as illegal, but in most areas it remained legal, so long as it is not sold for human consumption, so retailers described it as 'bath salts'.
USC was ranked #3 in the BCS standings but #1 by both of the human polls, the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll and the AP poll, which made up a portion of the BCS Standings.
Some research supports evolution, claiming that the human species remembers content associated with survival.
This feature aims to enhance thermal comfort and promote human productivity by ensuring that a substantial majority of building users (above 80%) perceive their environment as thermally acceptable.
Soler was a member of the Violence Against Women National Advisory Council under Health & Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala and Attorney General Janet Reno.
Stone human head stops to hood moulding of west door
A Scotsman article about the opening ceremony noted that immediately after the ribbon was cut, the gateway was "consecrated" by the birth of a baby during an air raid warning; the article quoted Gwynne-Vaughan as saying, "In the old days, a new building was consecrated by the building in of a human being who had therefore died.
This procedure is conducted by forensic anthropologists since their daily tasks are to identify human bones.
Bhikkhu Bodhi agrees, clarifying that the more accurate rendering of the Pali canon is a prohibition on "taking life of any sentient being", which includes human beings, animals, birds, insects but excludes plants because they are not considered sentient beings.
We have no reason to take any steps other than the procedures that exist at the UN that I mentioned, such as at the Human Rights Council and its Universal Periodic Reviews."
It is to large extent natural, although hundreds of years of human activity have influenced it, especially in the forested areas.
 Amend the Quebec Charter of Human Rights and Freedoms
Anderson, D. G. 2005: Pleistocene Human Occupation  of the Southeastern United States: Research Directions for the Early 21st Century.
National parks in the United Kingdom may include substantial settlements and human land uses which are often integral parts of the landscape, and within a national park there are many landowners including public bodies and private individuals.
Running from October 1, 1999 to January 1, 2001, the celebration was primarily based at Epcot, with its emphasis on human potential and the possibilities of the future.
The second human torpedo was manned by Lieutenant Tadini and Petty Officer Mattera, and the third by Second Lieutenant Cella and Petty Officer Montalenti.
 International Conference on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use, a consensus between the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), EU, and Japan.
Human nature was always the focus of his interest.
The hybrid cells continued secretion of mouse immunoglobulin and initiate synthesis and secretion of human immunoglobulin."
According to him, appreciating this aspect of human evolution has important implications for child development theory and practice in psychology, education, and child welfare.
Three- and four-year programs are offered through the divisions of Games and Animation, Industrial Design, Performing Arts, Information Communications, Food and Human Care.
In contrast with the grand perspectives, reaching to the horizon, the garden was full of surprises – fountains, small gardens filled with statuary, which provided a more human scale and intimate spaces.
Aviation film historian Stephen Pendo, in Aviation in the Cinema (1985) noted Devil's Squadron promoted "... the theory that these test pilots are merely human guinea pigs for designers' sometimes unsafe modifications.".
Before Dog Stewie can fetch them his remote control, Human Stewie bites the dog version of his father, Peter, out of anger for being treated like an animal and is sent to the pound where he is to be euthanized later that day.
Operation Quest was launched by the Gardaí in 2003, with the aim of tackling human trafficking, prostitution and criminality within the lap dancing industry, followed by Operation Hotel in 2005, with the aim of tackling the trafficking of females from Eastern Europe to work in the sex industry in Ireland.
The end of the United States and human civilization 
An automated analyser is a medical laboratory instrument designed to measure different chemicals and other characteristics in a number of biological samples quickly, with minimal human assistance.
Waterford Country School is a private nonprofit human services agency in Quaker Hill that offers a variety of special educational, residential treatment, and care services for children ages 10–18 from throughout eastern Connecticut.
In the past, growth hormone was extracted from human pituitary glands.
In 1975, an article by neuropsychologist Don Justesen discussing radiation effects on human perception referred to an experiment by Joseph C. Sharp and Mark Grove at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research during which Sharp and Grove reportedly were able to recognize nine out of ten words transmitted by "voice modulated microwaves".
By 1890 there was increased public awareness of disease and of carelessly disposed human waste being infectious.
These birds became extinct towards the end of the Pleistocene, probably because of ecological and sea-level changes at the end of the last ice age rather than human activity.
On March 19, 2020, Governor Mills wrote a letter to Vice President Mike Pence and the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar to request for more personal protective equipment be released to the state of Maine from the Strategic National Stockpile.
Nevertheless, Philip Kennicott, writing in The Washington Post describes it as "the hardest of the four installments to love, with its family squabbles, extensive exposition, and the odd, hybrid world Wagner creates, not always comfortably balanced between the mythic and the recognizably human."
Managing project activities to keep the project within budget is a human factors activity, not a mathematical function.
Hafsat Olaronke Abiola-Costello (born August 21, 1974) in Lagos, is a Nigerian human rights, civil rights and democracy activist, founder of the Kudirat Initiative for Democracy (KIND), which seeks to strengthen civil society and promote democracy in Nigeria.
An unspecified future human species (one of the Eighteenth Men's predecessors on Neptune) is presented as having an attitude to nutrition analogous to the First Men's sexual puritanism.
She concedes defeat and lets her son live with his human wife.
He was once known as Phestus Gold, a police officer who had the misfortune of being the one in a million to die of spontaneous human combustion.
He also referred to it as "Bieber's most memorable, and human, vocal performance to date."
Dejected, the leader of the crew, Eddie, muses that the human factor is what goes wrong with his plans and that what he needs is robots – something that he can control and that will follow orders exactly.
During the 1980s Dr. Michael Persinger stimulated the temporal lobes of human subjects with a weak magnetic field.
In the episode, human remains are ejected from a worm composter.
In 2015, the Department of Human Services conducted a two-stage pilot of the Robodebt scheme, targeting debts of selected welfare recipients that were accrued between 2011-2013.
With M. pusillus being highly frugivorous, human contact in greatly increased in agricultural regions of Africa, increasing the risk for virus transmission.
A poem which compares how various metals affect human life but states in a recurring line that  'Iron—Cold Iron—is master of men all!'
The honey wagon was originally a horse-drawn vehicle that went through back alleys to collect human excreta.
Lynn Miles, 71, American human rights and Taiwan democracy activist, cancer.
One of Moctezuma's closest counselors is sacrificed to the gods; as the storyteller explains, Aztecs believed that the human sacrifice is more valuable if the sacrificed was someone close to the person who offers the sacrifice.
After this deadline terminates on 27 August 2012, no applications can be submitted, in which the government aims to settle this issue permamenetly on a legally sound basis and prevent future legal difficulties involving the European Court of Human Rights.
On 3 July, Frost and Inch destroyed U-154 Snowden put a boat in the water, and it collected such debris as paper with German writing, German cigarettes, and human flesh.
Due to the fragile nature of springs and their tributaries, human expansion has caused further disjunction in the range of this already narrow endemic species.
I feel we have just lost respect for one another as human beings.
Each potential parent was required to sign a contract committing themselves to the experiment, and most importantly to God and his human representative Noyes (Carden 62).
In 1983, when Sister Mary Ewens became the president of Edgewood College, she dealt with budget deficits, causing the elimination of the position of the Human Issues director, the athletic director, the inter-collegiate department program, and all theater courses and student productions.
Phillips is credited with playing drums and keyboards on Creed's 2001 album Weathered, along with 1997's My Own Prison and 1999's Human Clay.
On 12 May 2007, during a visit to Beijing, former Taoiseach Brian Cowen (then Minister for Finance) discussed human rights issues with Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing.
To spread, the disease controls human behavior, urging males—especially those in the first year of marriage—to have wanderlust so they can infect new hosts.
This chapter concerns human and divine authority with the advice that fear God is the wisest course.
On 25 December 2005 the LTTE conferred the title Maamanithar (great human being) on Pararajasingham.
The Beijing Times reported that Beijing Dazheng Human Language Technology Academy had closed the office for the Green Dam project and up to 30 IT engineers were made redundant, and that co-developer Zhengzhou Jinhui Computer System Engineering, would soon run into financial difficulties through lack of funding.
As chairman of the Health and Human Services Committee, Vitale has blocked a vote in the Senate on a measure that has passed twice in the General Assembly under which non-professional bakers would be allowed to legally sell their goods to consumers, leaving New Jersey and Wisconsin as the only states that forbid the practice.
Minds cannot function in purely digital form, they must be placed back into a human container.
"Brute facts", in the terminology of speech act philosopher John Searle, are facts which are true anyway, regardless of human belief.
Advancements in textile treatment, coating, and dyes have unclear effects in human health, and textile contact dermatitis is increasing in prevalence among textile workers, and regular people.
The Boston Globe said "Vicky Swanky' is Williams at her best, shaking us awake again to the persistent strangeness of human life."
The United Nations HDI, or Human Development Index, score for Santa Cruz do Arari is 0.63.
Following the investigation into police handling of the protest, the human rights group Liberty called for further study of what it referred to as the "militaristic approach" used by the TSG.
Smith goes on to write that "such human rights abuses prevented the Indonesians from gaining the trust and confidence of the [East Timorese] people and strengthened...international resentment against Indonesia's occupation".
In 2001, the European Space Agency (ESA) laid out a long-term vision of sending a human mission to Mars in 2033.
In June 2015, a robot killed a man at the Volkswagen facility, in what is believed to be a case of human error.
Elephants are also associated with Ganesha, the elephant-headed god with a human body, the son of Shiva and Parvati.
Holden graduated from Vanderbilt University in December 2016 with a degree in Human and Organizational Development, where he was a member of Pi Kappa Alpha.
Therefore, Cre-lox system can be used in mice to manipulate gene expression in order to study human diseases and drug development.
Ewing declared, "We are wholly at a loss to account for this gross violation of the order and the rules, except that it was an unexplained failure of the human agency."
A recurring subject is the aesthetic appropriation of nature by human culture and design, explored through mixed-media sculptures and images, as in his juxtaposition of plant forms with depictions of hand gestures in Italian Renaissance paintings.
He is confronted by a variety of huge technical and human problems.
He and S. Jay Olshansky have had a disagreement about what this means in terms of future projections of the human life span.
The God head also activates the Law of Goodness as the blueprint for all individuals recognizing us as divine human beings.
It has also been very active in human rights issues.
In it he also differentiates the earthworm (generally regarded as a helminth) and Ascaris lumbricoides, the human roundworm.
The Chinese had long taken an interest in examining the human body.
It provides basic information on trafficking in persons, and teaches Department of Defense personnel how to understand the root causes of human trafficking; identify vulnerable populations; initiate appropriate responses to trafficking in persons cases; and establish response protocols to trafficking in persons allegations.
Displaying incredible ninjutsu skills and incredible strength, whatever Shadow is, it's clearly not fully human.
Hays published in Thyroid that   “it is surprising that the total iodine content of the human body remains uncertain after many years of interest in iodine metabolism.
For example, in the human brain, glutamate (standard glutamic acid) and gamma-aminobutyric acid ("GABA", nonstandard gamma-amino acid) are, respectively, the main excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmitters.
From 1994 to 2020, Ravitch was Research Professor of Education at New York University’s Steinhardt School of Culture, Human Development, and Education.
After reawakening from stasis, Lister, the only known human being in existence, tells Holly to set a course for Fuchal, which is actually the archipelago of Fiji, where Lister had originally intended to take Frankenstein three million years earlier as part of his five-year plan.
In Zoha Prison in Romania, there are interviews with traffickers serving prison sentences that the film suggested were too short in light of the severity of the crime of human trafficking.
Mackenzie "Kenzi"  Malikov: a human and Bo's best friend and sidekick, declared as Bo's "property" and "pet" to allow her to participate in Fae society.
The Clinton foundations "Too Small to Fail" initiative which hosted the White House Word Gap event in 2014, resulted in the US department of Health and Human services funding remedial efforts to address the Word Gap.
Furthermore, among his major early discoveries, he identified and characterized the Xist gene in human and mice.
In the Late Middle Ages Europe experienced the deadliest disease outbreak in history when the Black Death, the infamous pandemic of bubonic plague, hit in 1347, killing one-third of the European human population.
The International Society for Theoretical Psychology, the Section of History and Philosophy of Psychology (25) of the Canadian Psychological Society, the Section of History and Philosophy of psychology of the British Psychological Society, the International Human Science Conference, and the Society for Philosophy and Psychology also offer organizational support.
Andrea J. Prasow is an American attorney and global human rights advocate.
In 2021, a reindeer bone fragment discovered in Castlepook Cave near Doneraile, Co. Cork in 1972 was dated to 33,000 years ago, establishing human activity in Ireland more than 20,000 years earlier than previously thought.
She was invited to represent Denmark at the UN World Conference on Human Rights in 1993 which was the International Year for the World's Indigenous People.
Autopilot systems are relieving the human pilot of progressively more duties, but the pilot currently remains necessary.
But it's not just about being gay; it's about being human."
"Raised in a dark hole, at 17 he wandered into a 1824 German town knowing only a single sentence and became a scientific curiosity: a nearly-adult human without language and external influences, a tabula rasa upon which society and its scientific teachers could write with impunity."
Malawi is conscious of the need to attract more foreign investment to foster technology transfer, develop human capital and empower the private sector to drive economic growth.
It is estimated that human habitation of the area began 10,000 years ago, during the Holocene era when mammoth animals would have also inhabited the area.
The comparable variation within human populations is 0.5 percent.
As such, Desmond's transformation involves his Blockbuster form ripping through his human skin.
 Ready-Made Artist and Human Strike: A few Clarifications Claire Fontaine
Seeing how changes in China have taken place so rapidly since 1989, Chong wanted to write about the issues of democracy and human rights, topics that are less prevalent today among China's international trading partners.
According to journalist Grace Livingstone, as of 2003 more Colombian SOA graduates have been identified as alleged human rights abusers than SOA graduates from any other Latin American country.
St. Augustine (354–430) criticizes such Neoplatonism as neglecting the needs of struggling and imperfect human beings.
In the medical literature, most mentions of CMV without further specification refer implicitly to human CMV.
Human Rights Watch stated that the Sudanese security forces have arrested scores of protesters, opposition members, and journalists, beat people in detention, and used rubber bullets and even live ammunition to break up the anti-austerity protests.
Comparison of the tooth root morphology with those of the earlier Sahelanthropus also indicated strong resemblance, also pointing to inclusion to the human line.
There are many skin conditions that may occur which are associated with cancers, as well as some benign tumors, inside the human body.
"In 2007 a formal standing program in Dynamics of Coupled Natural and Human Systems was created by the U.S. National Science Foundation."
Intelligent hungries are second-generation ones, conceived by hungries who retained some human behavior.
A molded villain in movies, Veerappa was a great human being in real life.
 "The use of human rights discourse to secure women’s interests: critical analysis of the implications" (2004) 10(2) Michigan Journal of Gender & Law 275 
She also has a postgraduate diploma in Human Rights and Transitional Justice.
The victory of the revolution was topped off by the election of rebel playwright and human rights activist Václav Havel as President of Czechoslovakia on 29 December 1989.
Ruby and Labra's human partner and the series's main protagonist, she is the younger sister of Monica Sakura.
Yāma is the first heaven that functions as a disconnect between the swarga heavens and the human realm.
According to human rights lawyer Kerem Altıparmak, over 100,000 Turkish citizens have been investigated and over 30,000 court cases been opened under this provision.
Sotillion appears as a beautiful human woman of about twenty-five dressed in diaphanous clothes, accompanied by a winged tiger of pure orange.
Human occupation predated Roman conquest.
Pre-Islamic Arabia, the territory that constitutes modern Saudi Arabia, was the site of several ancient cultures and civilizations; the prehistory of Saudi Arabia shows some of the earliest traces of human activity in the world.
Kathleen Hogan is Executive Vice President for human resources and Chief People Officer at Microsoft.
1998 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. Young Investigator Award for Human Brain Mapping
The AVMA indicates that it lobbies for animal friendly legislation within a framework that supports the use of animals for human purposes (e.g., food, fiber, research, companionship).
He was director of a special programme focussing on human development and gave a general introduction to first year students on prayer, scripture and the Church.
Process models can be run through execution engines that automate the processes directly from the model (e.g., calculating a repayment plan for a loan) or, when a step is too complex to automate, Business Process Modeling Notation (BPMN) provides front-end capability for human input.
The buildings on each layer are largely uninhabited, although scattered human tribes, rogue Builders, and hostile Safeguards and Silicon Life can be found throughout the entire City.
Stories about the animalness of animals, the irreducible ways in which they are not human.
In 2020, the agreement was terminated due to human rights concerns.
Improper methylations of human genes can lead to disease development, including cancer.
Though Heward also painted landscapes and still lifes, she was primarily a painter of human subjects.
As a human, Haruka suffered from an illness which caused him to have "attacks" and collapse, making him have less time to live, hence making him wish for a body that would not be as vulnerable, and hence being placed in a separate class with Takane Enomoto.
Familial dysalbuminemic hyperthyroxinemia is a type of hyperthyroxinemia associated with mutations in the human serum albumin gene.
(2016).Growth and happiness in the Human Personality.
The theme is the treachery that comes as a consequence of sinful human nature.
 Human Epigenome Project (HEP) - Data — by the Sanger Institute
This is comparable to Chomsky's hypothesis that a child is born with innate language universals to acquire a complex human language in a very short time.
In contrast, philosophers who define the right to life by reference to particular levels of physical or psychological development typically maintain that such characteristics are morally relevant, and reject the assumption that all human life necessarily has value (or that membership in the species Homo sapiens is in itself morally relevant).
Sufficient heat causes human flesh to burn as fuel, or the water within to boil, leading to potentially severe medical problems.
It was a production specifically aimed at children, but tackled complex subjects (moral dualism, lust, human sacrifice) and had lengthy monologues.
Judeo-Christian perspectives on psychology: Human nature, motivation, and change.
The Sara Champion Debate had the topic "This House believes that the study of the Stone Ages has contributed more to our knowledge of the human condition than study of the Metal Ages" and was led by Clive Gamble and Tim Champion
While in human form, he uses the Slit Cutter as a weapon.
He also is the CEO and scientific director of RUCDR Infinite Biologics® (formerly the Rutgers University Cell & DNA Repository), the largest university-based repository in the world that collects, processes and performs genomic assays on human samples.
There are no observed paralogs for C8orf34 within the human genome as the result of a gene duplication event.
There are two handles, each decorated on the exterior with two tigers facing each other, their jaws closing around a human head in between them, an image which is also found on Fu Hao battle axes.
 Ethylin Wang Jabs, pediatrician and medical geneticist who identified the first human mutation in a homeobox-containing gene
The Necker cube has shed light on the human visual system.
British-Hungarian philosopher Michael Polanyi regularly studied the causes behind human ability to acquire knowledge that they cannot explain through logical deduction.
In all industries, odor assessment is usually performed by human sensory analysis, by chemosensors, or by gas chromatography.
Human rights groups put the toll closer to 30,000.
These real human bodies have been meticulously dissected, preserved through an innovative process.
 Bachelor of Science in business administration majors: human resources development management and marketing management
Lord Despair also begins taking endowments, from his human prisoners, and must also grapple with the benevolent influence of the Earth Spirit.
Ideas proposed to flesh out the character included placing him in a rock band, giving him vampire fangs, and giving him a human girlfriend named Madonna, but Sega of America scrapped these ideas to keep his identity simple.
Employment Division, Department of Human Resources of Oregon v. Smith, 494 U.S. 872 (1990), is a United States Supreme Court case that held that the state could deny unemployment benefits to a person fired for violating a state prohibition on the use of peyote even though the use of the drug was part of a religious ritual.
Worse, the FTD was slower as well; tests using physics papers as input demonstrated that the translator was "10 percent less accurate, 21 percent slower, and had a comprehension level 29 percent lower than when he used human translation."
As Virtual Woman has developed the ability to conduct longer and more realistic interactions, particularly in recent beta releases, criticism has arisen that this may lead some users to social isolation, or to use the program as a substitute for real human interaction.
The storylines for these movies are essentially identical to the first two TV serials in which the Daleks were seen, with the primary exception that the protagonist is portrayed as an eccentric human inventor with the surname "Who" rather than an alien.
The human ear cannot recognize ultrasonic waves, but animals such as bats and dogs can.
One single member managed to slip in by an unknown party and provided with equipment that allow him to hunt human victims.
While primarily focused on national issues, the Council of Canadians also does international work through its Blue Planet Project, which focuses on the implementation of the human right to water and sanitation.
There was a signal station or watchtower on the island in Roman times, but there may have been human habitation as early as the Iron Age.
He further criticised their silence towards the Emirate government despite the violation of the basic human rights of a Norwegian citizen, instead treating Dalelv as if she were just another Norwegian abroad being charged with a common crime.
Figures of its population are not known, but is likely to be threatened by the global reduction of coral reefs, the increase of temperature causing coral bleaching, climate change, human activity, the crown-of-thorns starfish (Acanthaster planci) and disease.
This phylogenetic tree of haplogroup E subclades is based on the paper by Mannis van Oven and Manfred Kayser Updated comprehensive phylogenetic tree of global human mitochondrial DNA variation and subsequent published research.
He also requested the UN and other human rights groups to record the truth.
In March 2019, at Peterborough County Court, Robinson accused Cambridgeshire Constabulary of harassment, direct discrimination, humiliation, stress, anxiety, and breach of human rights namely, the right to family life, right to freedom of conscience or religion and freedom of expression.
Thousands of genetic variants (GVs) associated with human traits and diseases have been identified by Genome-Wide Association Studies (GWAS).
An investigation by the Salvadoran Association of Human Aid Pro-Vida found high levels of contamination and pollution such as "[h]eavy metals, banned insecticides, cyanides, fecal bacteria, and toxic algae", which negatively affects the health of people and animals living near and around the reservoir.
For instance, Inter-American Court of Human Rights Case No.
The Chin Human Rights Organization (CHRO) documented that between 2005 and 2007, sixteen extrajudicial killings occurred with four of them being children.
[...] These initiatives [the publication of reports characterizing specific groups as dangerous and the creating of agencies to monitor and fight these groups] and are particularly troubling because they are serving as models for countries in Eastern Europe where the rule of law and other human rights are much weaker than in France".
Ash-Thompson was nominated by President Taylor to serve on the Liberian Human Rights Commission, but the senate rejected her candidacy "for her preoccupation with the Louis Arthur Grimes School of Law at the University of Liberia".
dB SPL dB SPL (sound pressure level) – for sound in air and other gases, relative to 20 micropascals (μPa), or , approximately the quietest sound a human can hear.
Rogers has a 0/100 rating from the Human Rights Campaign regarding pro-LGBTQ policies.
McGeoch also wrote an introductory textbook on human learning, which was published posthumously.
As opposed to its predecessor, it featured direct-dialing (so that human operators were not required to connect calls).
It is threatened by habitat loss and likely also by human consumption.
In 2021, Crawford was awarded the Royal Astronomical Society's Service Award for Geophysics; the citation refers to his long-standing promotion of lunar science and human space exploration, his role as a mentor for young planetary scientists, and other contributions to the planetary science community.
Opponents of circumcision argue, for example, that the practice has been and is still defended through the use of various myths; that it interferes with normal sexual function; that it is extremely painful; and that when performed on infants and children, it violates the individual's human rights.
An inviolable characteristic of human users is that they will adapt to these systems, often in unpredictable ways.
Expert on Human Enhancement, Global Future Councils World Economic Forum
De Clercq used human growth hormone and Aranesp, a synthetic drug which increases red blood cell levels, which Museeuw obtained from Landuyt.
The American died while flying on his way back, and was described by Balbo as a "glorious victim in the cause of aviation and of human solidarity".
Areth Sul Urstone, the mirror world incarnation of Fallion's father, Gaborn val Orden, is being held captive in the wyrmling lair, with Lady Despair eventually taking human form by using Areth as her host.
United States: U.S. President Barack Obama condemned the bombing, stating that: "The perpetrators of this attack were clearly targeting Christian worshipers, and have no respect for human life and dignity.
Labour Relations and Human Resources.
However, when Jyan possesses the Kenma Bracelet, the three Kenma appear in their original human forms and aid the Gekirangers in mastering their fighting styles to defeat Long.
The plant also provides the bacteroid oxygen for cellular respiration, tightly bound by leghaemoglobins, plant proteins similar to human hemoglobins.
The programming featured an array of independent wrestlers, including Human Tornado, Zach Gowen, The Thomaselli Brothers, and Trent Acid, as well as several well-known wrestlers, such as The Great Muta, Justin Credible, 2 Cold Scorpio, and Scott Hall.
It was believed that the two gods could dispel all the demons which did harm to human at night time.
After performing many heroic deeds on the battlefield and fighting numerous duels with other great warriors (including the Rakshasa Alamvusha, the elephant-riding King Bhagadatta, and Aswatthaman, the son of Drona), Ghatotkacha encountered the human hero Karna.
Glenn, a human, and Ignis, a demon, are two Imperial soldiers who have become Nekoya regulars for its sausage and French fries breakfasts.
"An Interview with Cynthia Enloe: The Gendered Dynamics of Foreign Policy", Praxis: The Fletcher Journal of Human Security, VOLUME XXIV – 2009, 
He wields a fishing rod-type weapon to drain human energy from people and can shoot lasers from his skeleton fish arm.
It was a shocking reduction, from a complex human being to a mere piece of meat.
As with human children, immature Wombles are taught reading, writing and athletic skills, which they learn by playing a game called "Wombles and Ladders".
Catherine Gee at  The Daily Telegraph said that what Adam Curtis reveals, "is the dangers of human beings at their most selfish and self-satisfying.
Its habitat has been declining rapidly under pressure from charcoal makers, logging, and the clearing of forest for human habitation.
After failing to convince the Health Ministry to release the data on Māori children, Whānau Ora confirmed that it was exploring taking its case against the Health Ministry to the High Court, Waitangi Tribunal or the Human Rights Commission.
The second is spawned from when a regular human is killed without "braining" them.
This art form is credited with having the first representations of the Buddha in human form, rather than symbolically.
An important Serbian monument is the Skull Tower, a tower which contains the human skulls of dead Serbian rebels in its construction, a monument unique in its design.
In 1584, William the Silent was assassinated by Balthasar Gérard, after Philip had offered a reward of 25,000 crowns to anyone who killed him, calling him a "pest on the whole of Christianity and the enemy of the human race".
They further insisted that the international community "continue to raise the question of human rights in Rwanda before the competent international bodies."
Copper is an essential trace mineral that cannot be formed by the human body.
He also notes "[t]he view proceeding from a belief in the uniformity of human nature [Trompf's emphasis].
He also attempted xenotransplantation in two human patients, utilizing a baboon heart and chimpanzee heart, respectively.
Instead Grundtvig advocated unleashing human creativity according to the universally creative order of life.
This species does not appear to be threatened by human activity, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed it under Least Concern.
Fraser joined the faculty at the Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development in 2006 as a professor of history and education.
It needs neither human philosophy or churchly synthesis in order to be the truth, though spiritual (pneumatische) exegesis had its place by virtue of the work of the Holy Spirit.
Democratic Party nominee Albert H. Wheeler, the city's first African-American mayor, won after trailing the Republican incumbent 49% to 40% in the first round of counting, with remaining votes cast for the Human Rights Party nominee.
A number of radiopharmaceuticals are used, sometimes attached to organic molecules, to act as radioactive tracers or contrast agents in the human body.
In addition, it is among the very few Pokémon capable of human speech, which it does so via telepathy, alongside Zekrom, Reshiram, Zygarde, the Ultra Beast Naganadel, Xerneas, Diancie, and Calyrex.
Denis Podalydès as Human Resources director
Nan Joyce, 78, human rights activist (Irish Travellers).
It contained human remains and other artifacts dating back to about 5000 years BP.
On 7 July 2010, Reding had an official meeting with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, Thorbjørn Jagland, to launch joint talks on the EU's accession to the European Convention on Human Rights.
Thus, 'structure thus arises from human motives.'
The department's stated mission is to support and facilitate the development of Democracy, multilateral security, and human rights in the 35 member states of the OAS.
He submitted his thesis in February 2006, which was titled 'The concept of human dignity (Kevod Haberiyot) in Jewish law'.
The priorities under this objective are human and physical capital, innovation, knowledge society, environment and administrative efficiency.
A. Bruce Dotson of University of Virginia remarked "The video provides a human perspective that is missing from textbooks".
He provided anatomical models of the human pelvis, purchased film strips and movies, and supported their production.
The academy has conducted training in substantive and procedural law, judgment writing, case and court management, mediation, human rights, the right to information, and building judicial capacity of political administration in the FATA.
The following human genes encode PKA subunits:
Going forward this concept of automation will become more popular and can support human beings.
Factors that affect the occupational exposure to whole-body vibration include the frequency of vibrations, the magnitude of vibrations, the daily exposure to vibrations, the standing or seating posture of the operator, the direction of the vibration, and how tightly coupled the human is to the source of the vibration.
And in the process of building syllables and words, the sonic “overlap” (now referred to as co-articulation) rendered sounds very uncharacteristic of human speech, undermining the intention of the design altogether.
In the episode "When the Dead Come Knocking", Milton tests, with Andrea assisting, the possibility of communication with the residual human consciousness believed to still exist in the undead.
Parker Conrad (born 1980) is cofounder of Rippling, and is the former CEO of Zenefits, a cloud-based human resources platform designed to assist with onboarding, payroll, benefits, and vacation tracking.
When asked about the plight of imprisoned journalist Khadija Ismayilova and human rights advocate Leyla Yunus, Mehriban did not respond.
However, the truth was that the two of them were the most important people who helped defend the human race during the Genesis Wars, until Celia betrayed them and caused the Peacemakers to get brainwashed.
Beisamoun is an important archaeological site for the Neolithic period, with two plastered human skulls, cremation signs and house floors found there.
Domingues brought the case in front of the Inter-American Commission of Human Rights which delivered a non-legally binding report.
 Human Universe (with Andrew Cohen) (2014)
In Makiguchi's words, "it is through our spiritual interaction with the earth that the characteristics that we think of as human are ignited and nurtured within us."
The exhortation emphasizes human formation as the basis of all priestly formation.
Goddard viewed the Bible as a parable of the human psyche as opposed to a record of historical events.
In 2003 he received the Al-Gaddafi International Prize for Human Rights.
SHRM, Society for Human Resource Management.
Hitchens says this process is part of revolutionaries' seeking to "destroy and expunge the restraints placed on human selfishness by the Christian religion.
Booklist, in a review of Tale of a Sky-Blue Dress, wrote "This haunting memoir is also a delicate and thorough exploration of the nature of evil and the place of cruelty both in the author's own life and more broadly within the human experience."
The Corporate Affairs Directorate oversees organisational and resource management while the Human Resource Directorate and Diplomatic Academy manage the development of personnel and training.
The date marks the day of the first meeting, in 1982, of the UN Working Group on Indigenous Populations of the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights.
In October 2019, Chatterji testified before the U.S. Congressional Committee on Foreign Affairs on human rights violations in Indian-administered Kashmir.
In Spare's magical system, magic was thought to operate by using symbols to communicate desire to something Spare termed "Kia" (a sort of universal mind, of which individual human consciousnesses are aspects) via the "passage" of the unconscious.
Unlike Allen, who was concerned with business functions of Ann Arbor, Rumsey was more involved in the human aspect of the city, providing housing and meals to new residents.
He was also Secretary of Labor and Human Resources of Puerto Rico (2009–2012) and former Chief of Staff of Puerto Rico during Governor Luis Fortuño's administration (2012–2013) and senator for the San Juan District (2017–2020).
In the future, after further development of this technique, observation of nanoscale morphology of biomolecules and samples from wide range of human organs is anticipated to be provided.
However, it is Ayers himself who offers the most accurate critique of the situation in “Guru Banana” where he pointedly satirises his own pop promotion; "Who's the one with the grin on his face / Says he's gonna save the human race / He laughs a lot as he climbs to fame / Now what's his name?
In 1993, the United Nations Human Rights Committee concluded in Ballantyne, Davidson, McIntyre v. Canada that it was outside of the Quebec government's jurisdiction to limit freedom of expression in a language of the person's choice.
 Complement component 5a, a human protein fragment, a chemotactic factor
A genetic mutation provided Wolfinger with the "gift" of enhanced longevity; the unpleasant side effect is that he must consume fresh human blood daily in order to survive.
He argues that all living creatures share the same universal mind – and accompanying power to create – with human beings.
It outlines Bahrianyi's own (political) declaration of national dignity, as well as his views on the importance of human rights.
Human League released their first album Credo for Wall of Sound in 2011.
According to NASA, isolation in space can have detrimental effects on the human psyche.
Black encounters his fellow demon while in human form and kills him, much to the demon's surprise.
Other accounts from contemporaries of the pandemic are included in the texts of Evagrius Scholasticus, John of Ephesus, Gregory of Tours, Paul the Deacon, and Theophanes the Confessor; most seem to have believed plague was a divine punishment for human misdeeds.
 Body proportions, in art, the study of relation of human body parts to each other and the whole
In December 2020, Cromwell was commissioned by the University of Toronto Faculty of Law to conduct an impartial investigation of the search process it had used to hire a new director for its International Human Rights Program.
 Allen Institute for Brain Science researchers collaborated with a research team from the University of Szeged to identify and name a newly discovered type of human neuron, the rosehip neuron, which is not found in mice.
The firm also provides other online recruitment products and services such as online recruitment, outsourced human capital service, software as a service (SaaS), e-commerce & e-business and jobseekers' services.
The group did not want to become yet another Catholic or nationalistic dissident group; instead it strove to work on fundamental and universal human rights that would attract intelligentsia, city residents, non-Lithuanians, and others.
In his opening remarks as Speaker of the House, Bonnen declared school finance legislation to be the number one priority for the 86th legislative session, in addition to school safety, combating human trafficking and providing property tax relief.
	Master of Human Resource for Health
The Constitution established the Republic of Moldova as a sovereign state, independent and neutral; a state of law governed by a set of principles including the separation and cooperation of powers, political pluralism, human rights and freedoms, observance of International Law and International Treaties.
It is not facing major threats, but it can locally suffer from habitat loss caused by human activities (e.g., agriculture).
Among the identified victims was the corpse of Nura Luluyeva, a Chechen woman who was later proven in the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) to have been kidnapped and bludgeoned to death by the Russian servicemen in 2000.
In 2013, the K computer was used to simulate a neural network of 1.73 billion neurons with a total of 10.4 trillion synapses (1% of the human brain).
Originally performing as Tommy & the High Pilots, the band released a number of albums, including Everynight, American Riviera, Only Human, and Tommy & the High Pilots: Live at Studio Delux.
The Human Genetics Unit is divided into three sections:
Zonamerica offers services that range from satellite design and construction to architecture, infrastructure, security, technology, embassies and human resources support.
In addition to his advocacy and teaching, he acted as an expert witness in criminal cases, and as a consultant on human relations and sexology for Oslo Helseråd.
The policy outlines six action areas that Canada intends to focus on: Human dignity, growth that works for everyone, environment and climate change, inclusive governance, peace and security and the main core focus of gender equality and the empowerment of women and girls.
Human Rights Watch established its Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Rights Program in 2004, with Long as director.
He travelled to the war-zones and obtained corroborated eyewitness accounts which were passed on to international human rights organisations.
It was hailed as a milestone law by Human Rights Watch, which called the law "a testament to the thousands of 'disappearance' victims since the Marcos dictatorship, whose long-suffering families are still searching for justice."
The herpes simplex virus is a human neurotropic virus.
He was the Guest Editor of the special issue on Recent Advances in Devices for Human Brain Imaging of Micromachines, and of the special issue on Micro-Plasma Devices of Micromachines.
To animate the conquistadors, each character was built with different body parts to make it not completely human.
AIs do not yet have a human grasp of the rules of drama and narrative, so existing interactive dramas produce a limited number of significantly different story outcomes, relative to the amount of labor required of the author.
Human Computer Interaction, 15, 75-106. https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1207/S15327051HCI1523_2
De Lange also became interested in congenital disorders and their pediatric relevance as theories on human genetics developed during the 1920s and 1930s.
If Akihito's physical human body finds itself in a severe weakened state, his dormant youmu half emerges, physically changing his body into a hideous feral appearance which then proceeds to go on a rampage.
Since the estimate provides little support for causal role mutation accumulation in human ageing, damaging mutations, germline and somatic, can only contribute to ageing as a result of higher-order effects including interactions of multiple forms of damage.
The mere club annihilated a bull skull (which is two times thicker than a human skull) with ease.
Alexander Boden  Hon DSc, Philanthropist, industrialist and publisher, founder of Boden Chair of Human Nutrition at Sydney University, founder of Bioclone Australia, Hardman Chemicals and Science Press, awarded Leighton Medal of Royal Australian Chemical Institute 1986, author of A Handbook of Chemistry 1937 (11 editions).
The Geneva Campus offers undergraduate and graduate programs including Bachelors and Master degrees in International Relations, Media Communications, Psychology, Photography, Business Administration, Finance, Computer Science, as well as certificates in International Human Rights, Marketing, Migration & Refugee studies, Website development and design, photojournalism, and "Leadership & Gestion dans le domaine de la Santé" (in French).
In 1984, the Human Services Reauthorization Act added a new goal to provide funds for cooling costs of low-income households.
As Secretary of Agrarian, Land, and Urban Development, Meyer Falcón has pushed for a new housing model that takes into account new social dynamics with a focus on human rights.
The landscape of long noncoding RNAs in the human transcriptome.
"Being Boiled" is the debut single by the British synthpop band the Human League.
Because of the limited mortality suffered by this species from various human activities, the International Union for Conservation of Nature  has assessed this species as of Least Concern, albeit also recommending that it be carefully monitored given its restricted distribution and overall uncommonness.
Alison Chartres has been the Australian High Commissioner to Kenya since August 10, 2017 and  is also accredited to Burundi, Rwanda, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda, as well as the East African Community (EAC), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), and the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
This op-ed quickly generated much discussion among conservationists; The Nature Conservancy rebutted Bradbury on its website, defending its position of protecting coral reefs despite continued human impacts causing reef declines.
Throughout the twentieth century, human exploration, shifting agriculture, forest fires, and uncontrolled grazing denuded large areas of Iraq's natural forests, which in 2005 were almost exclusively confined to the northeastern highlands.
These included improving organizational structure, developing human and institutional resources, sustaining and improving para-sports physical infrastructure and sporting equipment, increase awareness of para-sports, creating athlete development pathways, and ensure Cameroonian participation in national and international events.
 Lecture Notes on Human Physiology, 1881
The school was founded in 1826 and was the oldest surviving school of its type in the United States providing services to approximately 200 delinquent boys, until all residents were ordered removed on March 25, 2019, by the Pennsylvania Department of Human Services.
It has been a long time since the architecture of our day has accomplished as much for human liveability ... Sauer's splendid design, at relatively moderate prices, should remove the last reasonable objections to the row-house idea.
The story takes sharp turns and explores dark zones of the human psyche before the characters finally square up for an unaccustomed but fairly logical solution to their situation.
For example, the paragroup of human Y-DNA Haplogroup DE is DE*.
Davis first appealed to the Court of Appeal on the basis that the judge's orders relating to the anonymity of witnesses were contrary to the common law and Article 6(3)(d) of the European Convention on Human Rights, and therefore Davis could not have received a fair trial.
Urbanization brings transformation of natural habitats to completely altered living space which sustains large human populations.
This task can grow into a fight against international terrorism, the drug trade, international bribery, and human trafficking.
 Inter-American Court of Human Rights
The arts – refers to the theory and physical expression of creativity found in human culture and societies.
Organoids provide an opportunity to create cellular models of human disease, which can be studied in the laboratory to better understand the causes of disease and identify possible treatments.
Since the initial network contract was finalized in 1986, United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS) has served as the OPTN under contract with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Municipal Human Development Index: 0.639 (2000)
This papal apology, one of many issued by Pope John Paul II for past human and Church failings throughout history, was especially significant because John Paul II emphasized Church guilt for, and the Second Vatican Council's condemnation of, anti-Semitism.
At the 1999 European election he was elected to the European Parliament, serving until 11 April 2000, being a member in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defense Policy and the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, Media and Sports.
He became a blogger (Janez D), signing his posts as "Janez D" and expressing opinions on various issues from foreign policy, environmentalism, human relationships, religion, animal rights and personal growth.
Together with closely related terms such as 'reflexivity' and 'intersubjectivity', it is now well-established among scholars investigating the evolutionary emergence of human sociality, cognition and communication.
And he is the current House committee chairman on Human Rights.
With her husband Marian Bogatko, also dismissed from work as a strike organizer, in autumn 1934 they moved to Warsaw, where Wasilewska became involved with the Polish section of the International Red Aid, an organization concerned with helping political prisoners and their families, and the Polish League for the Defense of Human and Citizens' Rights.
Viruses in general have much faster rate of mutation of their genomes than human or bacterial cells.
Protocol XII would be key to the later European Court of Human Rights rulings against Bosnia and Herzegovina, including Sejdić and Finci.
She continues to be viewed unfavorably by a number of people who oppose Fujimori for human rights abuses and corrupt practices, mostly from the left-wing spectrum, and who fear that her victory would mark a return of Fujimorismo.
Most of her academic career has been devoted to teaching and writing about human rights, and she retired to Wellfleet, Massachusetts, where she continues to teach.
The organizational vision of TWI is: "A world with plentiful healthy wetlands improving water quality, climate, biodiversity, and human well-being."
Reminiscent of concentrated human activity in these areas can be determined by the high volume of rock prints, axe grindings and stone carvings surrounding the shelters.
After the oaths, referring to the messengers, letting the reader/listener realize that human being is more higher than other animal species eventually towards the end of the surah, the pondering question is being posed to the audience in penultimate ayah So what yet causes you to deny the Recompense ?
The Americans had decades of experience and knew the coast's complex physical and human geography.
Part of the uncertainty is that the effect of human exposure to galactic cosmic rays is poorly known in quantitative terms.
While Latina women face a multitude of issues in immigrating into the United States, perhaps the most significant ones revolve around basic human rights.
With the development and implementation of the perception system on autonomous vehicles, much of the safety standards of autonomous vehicles are being addressed by this system, which places an unequivocal emphasis on it to be flawless, as human lives would be subject to harm if a faulty system were to be developed.
 HOTAIR, a human gene (short for "HOX transcript antisense RNA")
9 March - A group of nine human rights activists and journalists, heading to Grozny in a small bus, were attacked on the Kavkaz federal highway, near the Ordzhonikidzovskaya settlement at the Ingushetian border.
In her The Washington Post blog, Jennifer Rubin described HRW as "an anti-Israel group masquerading as one devoted to human rights".
 I Too Am Human, written in 1977, poetry
Peter Hartz (born 9 August 1941 in Sankt Ingbert), was the human resources executive at the German public company Volkswagen AG (VW).
His formidable bulk and intimidating aspect served him well in his first important film role, as a diabolical Russian hunter of human prey in The Most Dangerous Game (1932).
While human intervention definitely damaged their populations and their habitats, the extinction of Palaeopropithecus occurred comparatively recently.
A study was done to compare the sperm outcomes of individuals with or without infection of the human papilloma virus (HPV), which currently affects 79 million Americans.
Bahovski studied at the Estonian Institute of Human Sciences from 1989 to 1992.
It first appeared in 1689 (although dated 1690) with the printed title An Essay Concerning Human Understanding.
These rights cannot be violated, even in the name of the greater good, which means that the cultural and economic practices of human beings will be affected.
The available AP courses are as follows: human geography, calculus, civics, and biology II.
While self-sufficient in the production for human consumption, half of Mexico’s grain imports are for feed corn for animals.
In the English version, the boys demand Ghastel to let the Sleeping Princess go, but he tells them that the Princess is not a human (the Princess is a jewel).
He is a double master's degree holder; he holds the Masters In Intellectual Property (MIP) from Africa University in Zimbabwe and another Masters of Laws Degree (LLM) in Human Rights from Lusaka University and scooped the best graduating student award (2017).
Plée, which are known as the quintessence of the original Martial Arts and strongly focused on the awakening of the Human Being.
The base carries out a variety of scientific projects such as research into krill and its potential as an alternative human food source, as well as geological, biological, hydrographic, and geophysical research, under the provisions of the Antarctic Treaty.
Adventive – involuntarily introduced plants that have escaped cultivation and survived in the wild without further human intervention for a certain period.
Within his local region, Helmer was criticised by academics from the University of Derby and the University of Northampton for being "out of step with the overwhelming scientific evidence on the subject of human induced climate change."
In the footsteps of Maslow, they believed that belonging is a human need.
Catherine Constantinides (born August 27, 1982) is a South African thought leader, environmentalist focused on climate change, food & water security and waste management, a social entrepreneur, social justice activist and human rights defender.
The eoxins were first defined in 2008 and have not yet been determined to have any roles in human physiology or pathology.
Luckily, winning the SG1 over, the Makai Knights and Rian manage to destroy Zedom before the Makai Priestess wipes out the human residents' minds of any memories concerning themselves and the Horrors.
Intron-less genes only make up about 3% of the human genome.
 1991 The Human Shield – Composer 
As a campaign journal for democracy and human rights, the Burma Digest publishes articles mostly (though not exclusively) on social and political issues.
Many anti-sex work activists consider any form of migration for the purpose of commercial sex to be a form of human trafficking.
In Aztec and early colonial times, the area was represented by a number of glyphs, often with elements of the malinalli plant and/or a human skull to indicate sacrifice.
Among multiple issues regarding the human rights of Indigenous Peoples is the protection of these sacred sites.
Nabagunjara has the head of a rooster, and stands on three feet, those of an elephant, tiger and deer or horse; the fourth limb is a raised human arm carrying a lotus or a wheel.
In addition, the United Nations condemned the massacre and asked for the National Human Rights Commission to "monitor conditions of detention throughout Mexico."
On the 14 August 2021, the Centre for Human Rights in Iran reported that four lawyers had been arrested alongside two political activists.
The movement of each participant is felt by others, exhibiting a potential for new modes of human communication.
For example, studies in mice bearing human skin grafts found a reduction in the size of lesions from psoriasis after treatment with a proteasome inhibitor.
Only if all these conditions stay constant will two identical stimuli with thereby identical XYZ tristimulus values create an identical color appearance for a human observer.
Moorea producens grows on seagrass  and is one of the causes of the human skin irritation seaweed dermatitis.
He is looking for the systems that underlay human behavior.
The Lawton Foundation was founded in 1997 in Havana, Cuba, as a non-governmental organization to promote the "study, defense and denunciation of human rights inside Cuba".
"Images of the Human Hand as Amulets in Spain".
Cameron said he became familiar with the concept of a human operating a "synthetic avatar" inside another world from George Henry Smith's short story "In the Imagicon" and Arthur C. Clarke's novel The City and the Stars.
You're Human Like the Rest of Them (1967)
He was clear that public protest to address grievances is a fundamental human right, but cautioned that mass demonstrations leading to a disruption of day-to-day life could be considered impermissible (haram) from an Islamic legal point of view.
Singer disagrees with abortion rights opponents in that he does not "think that the fact that an embryo is a living human being is sufficient to show that it is wrong to kill it."
The Government of the Russian Federation has demonstrated minimal progress in combating government complicity in human trafficking.
While the NCHR maintains that it operates independently, other organizations, such as the Cairo Institute for Human Rights Studies, have expressed skepticism for the NCHR's affiliation with the Shura Council and the government's role in selecting members in the organization.
To a human observer these appear as white spots fringed with blue-violet.
Journalist and human rights activist Pinki Virani attempted to track down Sohanlal; she believes that Sohanlal changed his name after leaving prison but continued to work in a Delhi hospital, and since neither the King Edward Memorial Hospital nor the court that tried Sohanlal kept a file photo of him, Virani's search failed.
There are so many charitable institutions for human beings, but so few for animals."
This is a property of the human ear, known for many years, but without practical applications and which was used for the first time in this field.
In 1984, she began research on cocaine and other drugs at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore and began to examine, in physiology, how healthy, nonincarcerated human cocaine users become psychologically tolerant to larger and larger doses.
"Darwin, Social Theory, and the Sociology of Scientific Knowledge"; "Physicalism without Reductionism: Toward a Scientifically, Philosophically, and Theologically Sound Portrait of Human Nature"; and "Theology and Science within a Lakatosian Program," Zygon, December.
Doing the Right Thing: The Normative Underpinnings of Human Resource Strategy.
 International Law and Human Rights
He grew up in the town of Holon, Israel, where he was inspired by his father who spent most of his post-war days carving elaborate wood sculptures of Cubist human forms.
The gene for CCL22 is located in human chromosome 16 in a cluster with other chemokines called CX3CL1 and CCL17.
Vitamin C – specifically, in the form of ascorbate – performs numerous physiological functions in the human body by serving as an enzyme substrate and/or cofactor and an electron donor.
Until 8 January 2022, he was the Minister for Lands, Housing and Human Settlement Development.
In 2003 another human species was found at Liang Bua cave in Flores, eastern Indonesia.
One hypothesis speculates that by increasing production per unit of land area, agriculture will not need to expand into new, uncultivated areas to feed a growing human population.
During the 1890s, the human population was sufficient to support three public schools, and it was a popular summer resort for Southern California, with three hotels in operation part of the time, and a tent city in Doane Valley each summer.
Seven former members of Battalion 3–16 (Billy Joya, Alvaro Romero, Erick Sánchez, Onofre Oyuela Oyuela, Napoleón Nassar Herrera, Vicente Rafael Canales Nuñez, Salomón Escoto Salinas and René Maradianga Panchamé) occupied important positions in the administration of President Manuel Zelaya as of mid-2006, according to the human rights organisation CODEH.
V.S.Mokiy, Transdisciplinary research of the Big Bang potency transformation in regards to Earth and human beings Institute of transdisciplinary technologies, Russia, 2013.
They are joined by astrophysicist and medic Dr Kevin Fong and mathematician Dr Hannah Fry, who explored the latest developments in human space flight - from cutting-edge spacewalk technology to a future Mars buggy.
Amnesty International, managed by the Evidence Lab in the Crisis Response Programme, created the Citizen Evidence Lab to "support human rights organizations, practitioners and others to take better advantage of the digital data-streams critical for modern fact-finding.
France opposed the bombing, and Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch condemned it as an attack on a civilian target.
Recently, it has been shown that the intake of milk (lactose and galactose) in human diet does not seem to be a cause of cataract.
The Artificial Ape: How Technology Changed the Course of Human Evolution 2010, Palgrave Macmillan
There he conducted research that would make him the foremost expert on cell makeup of the human eye lens.
The term "open theism" was introduced in 1980 with theologian Richard Rice's book The Openness of God: The Relationship of Divine Foreknowledge and Human Free Will.
She is best known as the frontlady of the Montreal-based band St. Ange, and for her recurring role as Bridget in the television series Being Human as well as providing the voice of Claudia Auditore da Firenze in the Assassin's Creed video games.
It was the first release by The Human League after their abrupt dismissal from their 14-year-long recording contract with Virgin Records 10 months previously.
It was traditionally held that the god Lono had appeared as a human who then established games and the annual taxing.
So thus, it is that whenever a Space Hulk is detected in the proximity of a human planet, the stalwart warriors of the Space Marines are detached to rid the Hulk of its Genestealer cargo, preventing any chance of another planet falling victim to the Genestealer curse.
Justice Sung is shocked to see how Marco is changed from an honest and righteous human being to a cold and heartless man, even after Margaret's body was found, he did not release a bit of emotion.
HLTF is a double-stranded DNA translocase, one of two human homologs of Saccharomyces cerevisiae RAD5 besides SHPRH (SNF2 histone linker PHD RING helicase), that is able to carry out fork regression, similarly to Rad5.
Human rights groups and academics criticized Ahok's forced evictions of Jakarta's urban poor 'kampung' residents from areas zoned for redevelopment to reduce floods and traffic and create green space.
In 1964, Kennedy was taken to The Institutes for the Achievement of Human Potential in Philadelphia, a medical and rehabilitative center for those who have experienced brain injury.
Pest control is the regulation or management of a species defined as a pest, a member of the animal kingdom that impacts adversely on human activities.
In a study with human volunteers, a decrease of plasma cholinesterase was observed during 0.075 mg/kg/day (16% decrease), 0.1 mg/kg/day (23% decrease)  and 0.15 mg/kg/day (31%decrease) treatment periods.
He spoke highly of Alice, saying "[for her] the point of departure always remained a human being who was ill and needed help, and his needs in war and peace.
Silicone or TPE dolls are much heavier than vinyl or latex inflatable ones (which consist mostly of air), but are roughly half the weight of a real human being of comparable size.
However, in Lovecraft's story, a human ally of the Mi-Go mentions "Him Who Is Not to Be Named" in the list of honored entities along with Nyarlathotep and Shub-Niggurath, and "Hastur" in connection with the cult of the Yellow Sign opposing the Mi-Go's work on Earth.
The terrible logic of human error is another theme as well.
(=...) Common auxiliaries of human ancestry, ethnic grouping and nationality.
No paralogs of C6orf136 have been detected in the human genome.
Particularly popular throughout the eighties was Bruce Hoffman's cluster of "inside the human body" titles that benefited greatly from the ever advancing developments in microphotography combined with expert animation by David Alexovich.
Two Canadian provinces recognize the privilege in the communications between individuals and their religious leaders in their statutes (Newfoundland under its Evidence Act  and Quebec under its  Charter of Human Rights and Freedoms).
An active writer, he has written since his college days on issues related to politics, human rights and international relations published in several Indonesian national media.
According to Human Rights Watch, Kudayev has yet to stand trial.
On 1 October 2020, the company's products were banned by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, citing forced labour and human rights abuses, including "physical and sexual abuse, debt bondage and abusive conditions."
It is still under debate in the new term of rule and it is inarguably an unfair plot against human rights.
(2011) examined the human ability to recognize musical beat in a sample of individuals who had had no previous musical training in their lives.
The greatest success in recent years has been the conservation of the Indian rhinoceros at the Kaziranga National Park, but a rapid increase in human population in Assam threatens many plants and animals and their natural habitats.
After an encounter with Giyu Tomioka, a demon slayer, Tanjiro is recruited by Giyu to also become a demon slayer to help his sister turn human again and avenge his family.
According to CNN, Tanton "has openly embraced eugenics, the science of improving the genetic quality of the human population by encouraging selective breeding and at times, advocating for the sterilization of genetically undesirable groups."
The genuine and mutual enmity between the Adams cousins and Harrison also stemmed from their Puritan upbringing in aversion to human pleasures and Harrison's appreciation for bold storytelling, fine food, and wine.
He also suggested that the Syrian government may have violated international human rights laws.
Police refused permission for a demonstration in Hangzhou; officers detained Wang Rongqing, Lai Jingbiao, Zhu Yufu and Yu Tielong – four members of the Democracy Party of China; three others were picked up in Beijing, according to the Information Centre of Human Rights and Democratic Movement in China.
Even under severe conditions, human beings find ways to live as though under ordinary conditions.
Begins to see parents as human beings instead of authority figures
Organization to Fight Racism, Chouhan has worked to promote human rights and racial equality.
The experiments were tested on eight language pairs from ACL-WMT2011 including English-to-other (Spanish, French, German, and Czech) and the inverse, and showed that LEPOR yielded higher system-level correlation with human judgments than several existing metrics such as BLEU, Meteor-1.3, TER, AMBER and MP4IBM1.
His landscapes often contain signs or remains of human dwellings: forgotten logging camps, a prospector's shack, derelict habitations.
‘Osteology; or a Treatise on the Bones of the Human Skeleton,’ London, 1785, 8vo.
He becomes an Earth Federation pilot in the war as well as the first Newtype, a type of human with special awareness which gives him great skills when fighting.
He prosecuted cases involving human trafficking and child exploitation, bank robbery, drug-trafficking organizations, public corruption, and white-collar crime.
The main aim of this process is to clear areas of forest, woodland or scrub in order to use the soil for another purpose, such as pasture land, arable farming, human settlement or the construction of roads or railways.
Movements such as the National Toxics Campaign, Mothers of East Los Angeles (MELA), and Native Americans for a Clean Environment (NACE) were led by women devoted to issues of human health and environmental justice.
Fong was a guest in Material World (BBC Radio 4), on 20 January 2000, where he argued for British participation in space travel research, particularly focusing on the long-term effects on the human frame.
Duran has worked to defend human rights.
The island has been inhabited since the 8th millennium BC and provides some of the earliest known evidence of human occupation in Scotland.
Raël told lawmakers that banning the development of human cloning was comparable to outlawing medical advances such "antibiotics, blood transfusions, and vaccines".
The band also toured the United States and Canada in support of the album, with dates scheduled for November and December (overlapping the release of Uroboros) with opening act The Human Abstract.
She was awarded numerous national and international awards including the Hilal-i-Imtiaz, Sitara-i-Imtiaz, whereas the UN Human Rights Prize and the Nishan-e-Imtiaz.
HACs have been used to create transgenic animals for use as animal models of human disease and for production of therapeutic products.
He was awarded an honorary Ph.D. by  the California Institute for Human Science for his work on the relevance of fascia, the sheets of connective tissue that hold the body together, to the practice of yoga asanas.
This impasse resulted in the Yaoundé Declaration of November 9, 2016 through which African Photography Initiatives and other subscribers intended to generate a greater understanding of the value of photographs and films and analogue as well as digital archives for the studies in historic, human and social sciences.
Designs of the 8th and 9th centuries show rows of roundels or medallions populated with pairs of human or animal figures reversed in mirror-image on a vertical axis.
Excavations undertaken since 2006 on the site of A Curnatoghja at Albertacce and also at Sidossi close to the hamlet of Calacuccia on a spur called E Mizane on the lakefront, have revealed some archaeological finds which attest to human presence at the end the Neolithic and the Bronze Age.
Another study indicated that after undergoing training to solve a simple manipulation task, dogs faced with an unsolvable version of the same problem look at the human, whereas socialized wolves do not.
The average human has an almost-equal ratio of fast-twitch to slow-twitch fibers, but top sprinters may have as much as 80% fast-twitch fibers, while top long-distance runners may have only 20%.
Ireland currently allows US border staff to operate border preclearance at Dublin Airport and Shannon Airport, and several Irish politicians including cabinet member Katherine Zappone noted that implementing the order at these possibly violated Irish and EU human rights law.
Political songs include the anti-Nazi song "AEighty AEight" which contains the chorus "You are not human / You are not soldiers" as well as the song "Suicide Bombers" (On the Suicide Bombers EP) with its chorus question, "Who told you to die that way?"
Maugham had savaged the school in Of Human Bondage.
The HRCRT Policy reflects the UNRWA mandate of quality education for Palestine refugees and sets out a common approach among all UNRWA schools for the teaching and learning of human rights, conflict resolution and tolerance.
The first human minisatellite was discovered in 1980 by A.R.
Human Rights in Cross-Cultural Perspectives: Quest for Consensus.
Afterwards, it was revealed that he was human all along, and he succumbs to his injuries as a result.
They often acquired human captives in raids, whom they traded as slaves to Spaniards in exchange for European goods.
In most countries, intertitles came to be used to provide dialogue and narration for the film, thus dispensing with narrators, but in Japanese cinema, human narrators known as benshi remained popular throughout the silent era.
The act of rebuilding the mounds, of adding additional layers of earth over burials, served as a symbol of renewal, which renewed the earthwork as much as human life.
By refusing to ever establish physical contact, they willingly facilitate the extinction of the human race.
She also had a career in voice acting, most notably Varesh Ossa in the video game Guild Wars Nightfall, and Amanda in the video game Detroit: Become Human.
I was beaten, physically & sexually assaulted, refused basic human rights, bullied and even prayed many nights to never wake up.
Max said this: "The song is about the absurdity of the human condition in territories plagued by bloodshed all over the world.
The dominant theme of Ellul's work proved to be the threat to human freedom and religion created by modern technology.
Human activity in Yanchang County can be traced back thousands of years, and the first administrative district in the area arose in 266 AD.
According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics, out-of-hospital births (such as home births and birthing centers with midwifery assistance) "generally provided a lower risk profile than hospital births."
Himmelfarb's painting ranges along a continuum between stylized representation and abstraction that is nonetheless rooted in objective sources, such as the landscape, human figure, and architectural forms.
The combined El Nino – Southern Oscillation, or ENSO, turned out to be a major contributor to seasonal climate variability with both human and economic implications.
Being Human Foundation is a registered charitable trust set up by Khan to help the underprivileged.
Pancho López (born June 3, 1972 in Mexico City) is a performance artist interested in the everyday life and feelings of the human nature, and how it connects with artistic expressions.
The sound of a chiming grandfather clock turns her back into a human as Chad returns to the now-deserted restaurant and they leave.
Also in this land it emanate thermal waters that turn into fun and quality of life, and it can live fully in its Thermal Centers, served by staff who receives and serves to tourists with warmth and human quality.
The MQ-9 and other UAVs are referred to as Remotely Piloted Vehicles/Aircraft (RPV/RPA) by the USAF to indicate their human ground controllers.
In Rotterdam in the early 1980s he achieved the first cloning of human genes responsible for DNA repair and discovered a strong evolutionary stability of the DNA repair system.
He wanted to achieve a continuum between electronic and human sounds.
Stretch - Tom Longacre, like the Elongated Man he drinks Gingold to gain stretching powers, but prolonged use of Gingold meant that his body's bones and muscles, even at rest, are so elastic that Stretch has trouble maintaining human form.
The Women's Equality Act included 10 component bills affecting issues such as domestic violence, human trafficking, and pregnancy discrimination.
That internet tribes exist, is an expression of the existence of a human tribal instinct.
It can be both normative and positive, because it analyses and formulates risk management strategies to avoid and/or reduce the human and economic costs caused by disasters.
The history of human populations in the Japanese Archipelago inferred from genome-wide SNP data with a special reference to the Ainu and the Ryukyuan populations
"[...] I am in favour of human rights, whether one is Israeli, gay, a woman or black.
In anatomical terms, the cleft in the human body between the breasts is known as the intermammary cleft or intermammary sulcus.
She marries a handsome computer programmer, Sherif, who has invented DG-2 (Dream Generator 2), a high tech device that can materialize preexisting human knowledge into dreams.
The International Society of Biometeorology was founded in 1956 at UNESCO headquarters in Paris, France by S. W. Tromp, a Dutch geologist, H. Ungeheuer, a German meteorologist, and several human physiologists of which F. Sargent II of the United States became the first President of the society.
So, the potential for human infection may be possible, just has not been studied because no cases have arisen with this species of roundworm.
In the invasion of Poland, the division used civilians as human shields in the battle with the retreating Polish Prusy Army and on September 8, 1939 attacked a medical column marked with the Red Cross signs near Odrzywół.
For example, in human blood a mixture of carbonic acid (HCO) and bicarbonate (HCO) is present in the plasma fraction;  this constitutes the major mechanism for maintaining the pH of blood between 7.35 and 7.45.
It is considered to be the deadliest garment-factory accident in history, as well as the deadliest accidental structural failure in modern human history.
He is also recognized for his contributions to child development and the study of human infancy.
iRMX is a layered design: containing a kernel, nucleus, basic i/o system, extended i/o system and human interface.
Many critics have challenged the second premise of this argument, by offering a biological and sociological account of the development of human morality which suggests that it is neither objective nor absolute.
The first evidence of human presence in the quarter dates back to prehistoric times, when some populations settled in the area of the so-called Sedia del Diavolo and of Monte delle Gioie.
"() Mary Grace goes to college in Massachusetts, seems to strongly dislike her Southern hometown, and the breath of her intellectual interests are universal rather than parochial as indicated in her reading the book Human Development and Wellesley coursework.
"Space Cat" (directed by Phil Roman, John Sparey and Bob Nesler): "I'd like to think I'll live forever, but hey, I'm only human.
In October 1996 he travelled with the committee to Bratislava which had a mandate from the European Parliament to challenge Prime Minister Meciar on his disturbing human rights violations.
Areas of research at the University of North Dakota include biosciences and medicine, energy and the environment, aerospace sciences and engineering, and human health and nutrition.
Human activity was dissolved into the categories of capital and its reproducing category of labour, which is in turn reproduced by the socially reproduced conditions of private property, where mutual aid doesn't rule, but antagonism.
The legislation was in part a response to a 1992 ruling by the Ontario Human Rights Tribunal in the case of Michael Leshner and Michael Stark, which obligated the government to provide spousal benefits to same-sex partners of government employees.
It was known as the Latvian Centre for Human Rights and Ethnic Studies (LCHRES) until 2005.
This jar has a human "frogman" bas-relief carved on the exterior.
Excavated deposits preserve an unusually long record of human activities, from around 78,000 years ago until around 400 years ago, a chronology supported by radiocarbon dating and optically stimulated luminescence dating.
These are mostly used to provide water for human use as well as drinking water for large sheep stocks.
According to biographer Diane Apostolos-Cappadona, "He found proof for the existence and omnipotence of God in nature—light, color, botany, the human body—and in creativity" Marco Rosci, author of "Hidden Leonardo Da Vinci"(1977) notes that for Leonardo "[m]an is the handiwork of a God who retains few links with traditional orthodoxy.
Mr Singh has propounded that the most dangerous form of pollution is pollution of human consciousness and not air, water, soil or noise.
Town departments include Building & Fire Codes, Business License, Code Enforcement, Finance, Fire & Rescue, Human Resources, Legal, Municipal Court, Planning, and Public Projects & Facilities.
Bacteroides is common in the human gastrointestinal microbiotia.
The Swedish internal law is by law subject to EU-law, international law and the European Convention on Human Rights.
According to Orlando Business Journal, "during her career in the U.S. human space flight programs, Morgan has received many honors and awards, including an achievement award for her work during the activation of Apollo Launch Complex 39, four exceptional service medals, and two outstanding leadership medals."
At the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History, her Department's work explores the diverse ways that data about the past can inform modern day challenges including climate change, anthropogenic transformation of species and environments, and food security.
She was also convicted of the lesser charges of perjury, desecration of human remains, and possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose.
Stone said Morello was a positive person and "a really vulnerable human being", who was dealing with her situation the best she could.
The project is in step with European efforts to preserve the historical memory of all the victims of National Socialism between 1933 and 1945 and of the greatest genocide in human history – the Holocaust.
The AERA special interest group is named the Education, Health and Human Service Linkages.
RNAi mediated depletion of human Bub1 has indicated function in correct metaphase congression.
A phonometer is an instrument invented by Thomas Edison for testing the force of the human voice in speaking.
Cane has been invited to speak at forums in Florida and other U.S. states, and in 2013 participated in The Human Experience, the first TEDx in Delray Beach.
Manufacturing operations concern the operation of a facility, as opposed to maintenance, supply and distribution, health, and safety, emergency response, human resources, security, information technology and other infrastructural support organizations.
Following the ruling of the European Court of Human Rights in Karner v. Austria in 2003, cohabitating same-sex couples were given the same rights as cohabitating opposite-sex couples.
The deployment of energy efficiency technologies is highly restricted by factors such as geography, infrastructure and human resources.
He also served on the European Commission of Human Rights from 1954 to 1973.
By projecting the images of the cards of the "Loteria" game onto the human bodies of New York residents, she demonstrated how culture counter-flows through people's migration patterns, which is a form of cultural remittances.
He was the founding director of NIH's National Human Genome Research Institute in 1993.
After election of Carter a greater emphasis was put on the human rights.
For them, human activity was still subject to certain types of social arrangements that followed a historical necessity.
Human life is cheap to him."
The Finnish government accepts that human induced greenhouse gases cause the global warming.
At the beginning the player can choose between a male human protagonist and a female elven protagonist.
Christophe Girod, Chief Executive; Renée Zellweger Monin, General Secretary; Yasmine Praz Dessimoz, Director of Social Services; Ariane Daniel Merkelbach, Director of Assistance to Immigrants; Anaïs Stauffer Spuhler, Director of Human Resources; Othmar Kobler, Director of Finances; Roland Vezza, Head of Information Systems; Laurence Friederich, Director of the Real Estate; and Anne Nouspikel, Head of Communications.
Africa has the world's oldest record of human technological achievement: the oldest stone tools in the world have been found in eastern Africa, and later evidence for tool production by our hominin ancestors has been found across West, Central, Eastern and Southern Africa.
 Kenneth P. Weiss, American entrepreneur, human factors engineer and inventor
Apollinaris of Laodicea (310–390) taught that in Jesus, the divine component took the place of the human nous (thinking– not to be confused with thelis, meaning intent).
The passage is often read together with Metaphysics, Book XII, ch.7-10, where Aristotle also discusses the human mind and distinguishes between the active and passive intellects.
The Fabrica emphasized the priority of dissection and what has come to be called the "anatomical" view of the body, seeing human internal functioning as an essentially corporeal structure filled with organs arranged in three-dimensional space.
To help them, Ganapathi himself appears as a human (Visu) and he becomes their partner.
In 1994 she was appointed Vice-Chair of the Standing Committee on Human Resources Development and served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Citizenship and Immigration from 1996 to 1998.
It appears in the form of a hornbill bird, who was originally a human girl.
This might mean that relatively little vitamin D can be made in human skin, thereby limiting calcium uptake from the diet for bone growth and maintenance, and leading to the evolution of the small skeletal size.
demonstrated successful reprogramming of human fibroblasts to iPS cells.
 encouraging the formation of Innovation and Entrepreneurship Development Cells (IEDCs) and technoparks in academic institutions, and capacity building programmes for human resources.
XML as a format does not require a particular hardware or software (beyond a text editor or word processor) and is both human and machine readable, making it a sustainable format for preservation and storage purposes.However, in converting data to XML format, certain interactive functionality of the database, such as the ability to query, is lost.
Ester Boserup highlighted in 1965 that when the human population increases and food production decreases, an innovation will take place.
Given the crucial role that Peace Literacy can play, I support the recognition of education in Peace Literacy as a universal human right."
While Committees address industry-specific issues to Korean government counterparts, Forums focus primarily on cross-industry topics such as human resources or corporate social responsibilities.
In the Fall of 2015, Martin presented "War, Consumption, and Other Human Hobbies" a solo exhibition at Valli Art Gallery in Miami.
The soul gives the bear his estate and wealth and the now fully grown bear man leaves human society as a white dove.
Ron Harper as Colonel Alan Virdon, the human commander of the crash-landed spaceship from 20th Century Earth.
The telephone proved to be the perfect prop for Cocteau to explore his ideas, feelings, and "algebra" concerning human needs and realities in communication.
He has also served as the President of the Society for Research in Human Development.
These efforts resulted in the passage of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act in 2004, which created the position of the Director of National Intelligence and tasked the CIA's Director with developing a "strategy for improving the human intelligence and other capabilities of the Agency."
He is mostly known for his work with new wave, synthpop and goth rock bands including the Cure, the Sisters of Mercy, the Chameleons, Depeche Mode, the Mission, the Associates, the Human League, Clan of Xymox, Gianna Nannini, Shelleyan Orphan and others.
Warren Griffith – A werewolf and the remission in human form by Doctor Mazursky.
These policies guide the accession, assignment, evaluation, skills analysis and management, promotion, readiness, retraining, retention, separation and retirement of the Air Force's human capital.
Queen has written on human sexuality in books such as Real Live Nude Girl: Chronicles of Sex-Positive Culture.
As all spheres of human activity and conveyance are affected by the interplay between social communication structure and individual agency, communication studies has gradually expanded its focus to other domains, such as health, medicine, economy, military and penal institutions, the Internet, social capital, and the role of communicative activity in the development of scientific knowledge.
Tod Hall – Tod Hall houses the administrative offices of many university officials, including the President, Provost, and the Board of Trustees, as well as the Offices of Assessment, Marketing Communications, Human Resources, and others.
The products included a "hair farming system" that was supposed to "finally end baldness in the human race," and "a breakthrough that in 60 seconds can eliminate" addictions, discovered when a certain "Dr. Callahan" was "studying quantum physics."
In one study, Page found that human X and mouse Y chromosomes have converged, independently acquiring and amplifying gene families expressed in testicular germ cells.
With their potential for unpredictable and explosive impacts, infectious diseases have been major actors in human history.
It was published over many editions and subsequently translated into English as: "Hand atlas of human anatomy" (1901–03);
Enquiries in the field of Health and education remain beyond their instrumental role in the assessment of human development.
In October 2016, he said: "The Human Rights Council’s inability to take decisive action by setting up an international investigation is contributing to a climate of impunity, and violations continue to occur on a regular basis.
Despite being scientifically meaningless, they do provide useful reference points in the sky for human beings, including astronomers.
The rational system is what allows us to engage in many of the behaviors that we consider to be uniquely human, such as abstract thought and the use of language.
 Anders Retzius (1796–1860) Defined the cephalic index as means to classify ancient human remains in Europe.
Digging it reveals human bones.
In 2016, the UN Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants, François Crépeau, criticised Australia's policies of mandatory and off-shore immigration detention.
The world record is currently held by Laszlo 'The Human Dolphin' Fazekas (Hungary) and is 2.40 m.
In the Maya area, for example, stele depict bloodletting rituals performed by ruling elites, eagles and jaguars devouring human hearts, jade circles or necklaces that represented hearts, and plants and flowers that symbolized both nature and the blood that provided life.
By that time foreign migrant workers made up 60% of Oman's population, and their standard of living was lower than the Omani average (Oman is classified as "medium human development" by the United Nations Development Programme).
Bartonella quintana, originally known as Rochalimaea quintana, and "Rickettsia quintana", is a bacterium transmitted by the human body louse that causes trench fever.
Importance of recovering the human, social, political, economic and cultural dimension of work that allows the development of people's capacities.
compared how human reading performance differs from traditional tag clouds that map numeric values to the size of the font and alternative designs that uses for example color or additional shapes like circle and bars.
for a second i thought i had returned to my human self when i heard a blast of fire that probably came from emily .
something big , something not human , something with just two toes was out there in the darkening forest .
you have to understand that to cook the whole thing was about advancing the human race and stamping out hunger .
ah , i make up mental personalities for the people i deal with , you know in my head , and swenson reminds me of the star in a futuristic cop movie , the indestructible half human , half machine character , unrelenting and undetourable .
the very nature and reason of human existence ends their ability to read vibration directly .
what we just went through is a human bubble .
we widened the search but after an hour had found no signs of current human activity , not even a wandering dog .
we need to concentrate on civility and ethics in society it appears to me that human beings have a natural tenancy to gravitate toward the lowest common denominator .
his face , currently hosting a kind expression with a smile on his delicate lips , was held further forward than that of a human being , a single complex joint in his neck allowing full movement on all axes .
the people of malerok city , be they human , elf , dwarf , halfling , orc , undead , in fact any one of the many races , all walked freely through the streets , mixing easily together , ancient hatreds forgotten or at the very least , put aside .
in desperation , i availed myself of a human subject from the only source readily open to me one of my fathers mortuaries .
i wonder if something analogous happens with human experiences , with lives , with relationships .
i need to immerse myself in the river and i do not like human food . ''
thats a way in which human beings are wandering a student of what profession i would like to be ?
one must draw a conclusion that human brains somehow require mono-atomic iridium and rhodium to function .
a human heart- made of stone .
impossibly , the six-foot , four-inch human was stronger than he was .
their enemies , though often visible only in the form of uniformed brutality , included those groups who sponsored government obstruction and deceit at the highest level , the ones who misused and endangered military personnel for personal gain as well as religious institutions that prevented terminally ill human beings from dying with dignity .
hs2 , a human simulation made to physically resemble a handsome thirty-year-old man , raised his perfectly manicured eyebrows , playfully waiting for her reaction .
i see no human activity within 100 yards of this location .
beneath the horrific masquerade there was a human being , a woman similar to the one kneeling supinely on the floor .
twisting her head about , she saw that the stakes were set before a long building , larger than the other huts , decorated by human skulls dangling from the eaves .
many travelers have seen the drums of the great apes , and some have heard the sounds of their beating and the noise of the wild , weird revelry of these first lords of the jungle , but tarzyn , lady greystoke , is , doubtless , the only human being who ever joined in the fierce , mad , intoxicating revel of the dum-dum .
'otherwise , ' added another of the officers , 'how could she have lived a sufficient length of time among the savage denizens of the jungle , brute and human , to have become proficient in woodcraft , or in the use of african weapons . '
although it was not as fast as an immortals regenerative abilities , it was still far greater than that of a human .
seconds after ryus father came on the screen , he appeared human like a family man .
5 - moyolehauni moyolehauni moaned and thrashed in his dream , a vision of swirling energy with a young human woman in its center , her hair was dark blood red almost black , her skin was white .
they are beautiful to see hanging in the trees but the larger variety can and do devour any large mammal including human types .
milord , pale as a corpse , endeavored to cry out ; but his swollen tongue could utter no more than a hoarse sound which had nothing human in it and resembled the rattle of a wild beast .
arms tied together at the wrist , and feet tied together at the ankle , each of the several bodies i saw hung diagonally from the end of the horizontal crosspiece toward the central support , forming a human v shape .
traces of human filth and decay were everywhere .
trevor would much prefer to be in the drug and human smuggling business .
shes just my first human that ive been introduced to .
animal , human , it doesnt matter .
he is unable to use our human facilities .
brand felt safer than he would alone ; vicious brown bears were known to live here , and they had acquired a taste for human flesh .
but human beings have not noticed and probably will not until it is too late to have a discovery channel special about it .
this was the first step in americas series of beyond human laws .
forrest personally thought this could be extremely dangerous for the first human , guinea pig .
she gave a start to see plain grey eyes , human eyes , looking back at her .
* * * it is an interesting fact that the human digestive system can not digest the matter of mushroom ; it always leaves the body as it leaves the mouth to enter the throat .
his brilliant mind with all its fathoming of human behaviour and social evolution was always able to conquer fear without really acknowledging it .
bob , i have no military experience but this situation goes far beyond anything in human history , he spoke calmly .
helping in part to mask that repugnant odorous aroma of human urine soaked feces .
the tws could recognize a human target at 1000 meters in total darkness .
his face was too contorted and swollen , but that was about all that distinguished him as a human .
he appeared twisted and distorted , as if he were no longer human .
the human heart is like a ship on a stormy sea , driven about by winds blowing from all corners of heaven .
this is indeed an amazing day in human history , it will change the way we view ourselves , and our place in the cosmos .
a sad , poor excuse for a human being too afraid of death to care how he stayed alive .
if i worked for septic company i would at least change my shirt or make sure i wasnt wearing a dirty one when i went out , some of those guys had stains on their clothes that could be mud or human mud .
this is my mortal name , or lets call it human name , sounds better .
the graves of sub lieutenants hogg and kendal and their men lie one hundred and ten miles north of dunkirk , just part of the terrible human loss that was the beginnings of the second world war .
he placed his hand on the podium , directly inside of that coarsely pounded shape of a human hand .
they werent quite human and that was just an accepted fact of life .
the old woman turned natalie onto her back and the falcon very carefully placed the priceless drop on that part of her breast where the human soul dwells .
all the neighbors were going about their regular business , but there was n't a human in sight .
as a result , there was a lot of blood spilled between human and dog zombies in the early days .
they tried to develop organic-mechas ; they were machines with flesh and bone that could pass as human .
they cant just sit in the capital city claiming to be the for the people while , at the same time , they deny basic human rights !
not that chubby human girl is it , cause eww , lance frowns and waves his hand in front of his face as if to brush away a bad smell .
says the first witchkin to serve in the human fleet , solendria curses with contempt .
michael inspected blakes face and saw only a cold , gray slate with no trace of human emotion .
a human doctor would not have a patient and a veterinarian would ask too many questions .
it was almost christmas and it had been thirty four years since she had seen lucifer about exchanging her soul for her human form back .
it was a matter of human ability now .
that meant the child wasnt a newborn- not in the usual human sense , anyway .
the one imperfection that made it clear this was a statuette and not a human person made of silver .
the over-diluted superiors became what you would call human .
we would no longer be able to tell if the species approaching us were human or superior .
i was so confused your a one of a kind person ... you know the have that ugly quality every human being has ... jelousy , they dont like people like youll .
these men ate only raw human hearts sprinkled with lemon juice , they said .
he remembered a medical class that focused primarily on human movement .
cage always used human blind spots to sneak pass the roving patrols and just out of range from torches .
we rarely saw these beings because the human brain filtered them out in order to allow us to function normally without too many distractions .
for a little while he feared they might put it together and surmise they were not alone but human nature being what it was they instead held to their beliefs they were the chosen ones , kept it a secret and went about their daily lives concocting new and inventive ways to destroy the very planet needed for their survival .
estimation was the tricky part for timing of human reaction was always predicted and consistently incorrect .
the conclusive presumption , for example , bars the admission of contrary evidence as long as such presumption is based on human experience or there is a rational connection between the fact proved and the fact ultimately presumed therefrom .
some of them are human beings .
however , we possess obvious differences from other human beings .
many a human noblewoman had tried in vain to glean allieles age-defying secret .
as the citys infrastructure began to break down , trash collection services had ceased to be maintained and the abandoned sector had become a dumping ground , a place for the unwanted trash and human detritus of society .
enchantech - the fusion of rune magic , alchemechanics and technology developed by human magitechs .
im surprised im not a big human pudding , right now .
i turned and whispered to giddeon , using a low voice out of habit because they looked so peaceful , are you sure theyre human ?
even from his knees he could not see or hear any human sound .
he never flinched at rubbing himself in dung to eradicate his human scent and rolling in the dirt to blend in with the colour of the earth .
surely there were other human survivors , and they were bound to be tough and well-armed .
again , the haunted eyes of human captives peered at them from the view windows of certain cells .
tara explained that granny had told her that mlimo was an important spirit in matabele lore that appeared in human form .
its body seemed to be that of a hairy naked man , but its head was so grossly deformed as to be a combination of animal and human .
not because it was a grotesque alien face , but because it was a human face .
whats moral about sitting back and expediting the extinction of the human race ?
no human was in danger , but there was an urgency because a life was .
`` whether or not he is god or angel in human form , or merely man , i can not tell yah .
so white eagle sent him back to the infirmary to further boost his already well inflated , birds ego and to continue making mistakes and alienating a few human doctors .
its just amazing to see this sweet , innocent creature so dependent on a human .
soldado looked up and smiled at hearing his name , as if the saying of it were a welcome he had not expected , or more , a human kindness that he had not received for a long time .
toni said and grinned while thinking about her belly swelling , and then having to be responsible for bringing another human being into an uncertain world filled with who knows what and the what is uncertain .
they talked about training political science majors like me to become a new kind of lobbyist focused on the constitution and in reducing human suffering .
like a fully formed human being just hopping from its mothers womb .
being the only human and the only one without magic made him feel more isolated from the others .
he is a human with a sad past .
he scratched the sides of his human ears and the top of his head in the same way most would their dog , diverting his attention from king robert .
he stared at the two of them , his cold eyes reflecting nothing remotely human .
the human sensory system amazes me , both in its strengths and in its weaknesses .
the food would be transport from the throat to a compactor chamber in the upper chest where it would be squeezed into a pellet almost too small for the normal human eye to see .
the brothers gravinski is the greatest human cannonball act in the world ! ''
only when she was already sitting down she looked at people around her as human beings and her look did n't invite them to look back at her .
you did n't hear any human noise , no cars , no talking , and no phones .
julian was no human being and she knew some of his secrets .
it was calm here , no people around , no human traces , just the two of them and the nature .
all he knew was that he told her stories that no human being had ever heard and this could end badly for her .
it will be a sign that you dont care about julian , sebastian and any human being in this world .
`` your father was not exactly whom you thought he was and you use him as a pedestal , we are human beings not robots . ''
i wasnt going to leave her for the animals , human or otherwise .
another reason why we change them as young vamps is because they have more experience being human than being vampire , so the transition goes pretty smoothly .
`` i may not have a beating heart , but i have a heart that acts much more human than vampire .
strangely enough it is a quirk of human nature that if youre attacked with a knife , without training , you will always grab the knife .
in the faint light he could see several shapes that looked like crumpled human figures .
cycling through a small hill , wind-swept pastures of cows and sheep , they invariably paid attention to this human and two cats uninvited guest curiously , a few buffalo also sent wuwu sounds .
the deck is about the size of a football field and is occupied by a hundred human officers watching the battle unfold on the giant holoscreens floating above them .
warrior , her huge bulk taking up a considerable amount of area on the square deck below , is sitting on her hind legs fiddling with what to a human being would be massive heavy cables , but to warrior are nothing more than garden hoses in her massive hands .
it was a lot closer to human than anything i 've ever seen , and there was nothing comparable in the literature .
religions can change , silly human .
they were human beings , too , and loved by a mother somewhere .
they began to engage in a super human hand to hand combat , with unknowable energy behind each of the blows due to the god magic and corrupted god magic used by edgar .
we need you to try changing back into your human form , said a female voice beside me .
or youve never seen how some times he acts unlike a human and will , say , leave you behind without knowing it ?
are you sure were seeing the same thing , because he doesnt even look human !
kylena drew in a gigantic broken wing , some burnt tree stumps and a human crouched behind one stump .
as a hunter he was used to blood , but never human blood .
he saw how they showed the unmistakable signs of human construction .
perhaps it was the confined feeling the narrow passageway produced , or maybe the fact that he was in a dark , unknown place with no other human in sight that played upon his nerves .
clarity noticed miss glory watching the human couple .
the mystics were taller than what was meant for a human vehicle but were limber enough to be comfortable .
i know , ethan , you find a human with my looks hard to take seriously , but i am older than earth itself .
ethan stomped and the goblin growled , but quickly seemed to remember the human couldnt see him for what he is and shot off to the nearest alley .
the man had a short , trimmed beard , very few strands of grey hair sprouted from brown of a human man in his mid thirties and striking black eyes .
im just a pitiful human wishing for something that can not be .
it wont drag on like other human trials .
a human turned by the mallatiatherium sword .
no other human has such gall to stand against one of them and not quake .
rivers of blood and internal organs spilling from human bodies became a daily sight .
destruction of the human race .
assured hands well suited to the eggshell that was the human body .
it takes us three steps to cover the same distance a human takes with one , which explains why its not often that you see a heavyset shortkin .
i almost start to feel human again .
instead of wooden wheels , the carriages sat upon solid wheels with black rims as thick as a human arm .
instead of normal human heads , lay gigantic spiders on top of the necks , eight legs spindling out in the form of eight super-beefy arms .
further to stanleys discovery there are more things on this earth that we , as human beings , can ever hope to understand .
bored , anxious , annoyed and the human body being a greedy and imperfect vessel soon very , very hungry .
well , youve covered almost all the body parts of the human she giggles and shakes her cap and mask .
she knew him as alrin , god of fire and guardian of the human race .
how are you still alive , human ?
genetics is the study of human dna .
or do you fondly believe that your gift can be used against the human flaws only ?
whats happening to the human mind now , present-day ?
not that human shaped blasphemy they worship in saggad these days .
hes more than ready to perform his first dissection of a human , having dreamed of this day for many years .
how they really did feel and obey every human communal impulse .
if it had not been for the ultimate repository of human knowledge the internet will would have been one of those students whose natural home was in a library .
finish me already you worthless human , it growled looking at me .
`` you 're lucky it 's not a human dog this time ! ''
he needed them all to remember what it was to be human , so they could keep in mind exactly what they were fighting for , in the vain hope that they might stand the slightest chance of winning .
how could human history be nothing more than a designed conspiracy of destruction ?
for a long second , nothing stirred , and then , all at once , the indomitable , the invulnerable symbol of human naval superiority , flashed into an immense ball of blinding white plasma and was completely destroyed .
i have scanned their city , and there is no human life .
a world without war , without crime , unified as one to take human kind as far as the cosmos will let us .
because that is what a human is .
for a man whos own occupation supposedly focused on saving as many human lives as possible , he had become quite the automatona bed net shilling robot .
the stones cracked all around him from the impact of the generals strong armor and the remaining ice shards followed him , penetrating deep into every unprotected part of his body , turning ricard into a human dart board .
i look back into hers , knowing shes the last human ill ever see .
loves , hates , births , deaths , and every variety of human experience return .
everyone has to decide what to make their life about -- stopping a cruel imperialist empire from subjugating the entire human race seemed a pretty good way to spend one 's life .
but when me arm stretched out and me hand came down , it came down upon a lump : a human lumpa curvaceous extension of feminine pulchritude .
the human brain is a fickle thing .
in the beginning , all she 'd ever wanted was to make the world a better place , to improve life for all her fellow human beings .
a being , roughly in the shape of a human body , a cloudy mix of blue and white light swirling through and around each other , occupied the seat where master george had once reigned .
the human king had it enchanted against harm .
standing next to her was a second human child , around the same age and garbed similarly .
wait the first human rounded the bend , puffing the white gas from their mouths .
can a human even wear one ?
she took psychology back at boarding school and she remembered learning about human development .
she tried not to stare at the smaller women , unsure if they were human .
hes a human who possess a special connection with heaven .
the curve of its domed summit was interrupted by lines and indentations where the natural contours had been modified by human hands .
i force myself to straighten up and act like a sensible human being rather than a moony child .
now that beth was looking harder , she could see that some in the distance were almost wholly human , at least in their outline .
in return , i was unavoidably taking on a small part of their own , human essence .
one after another , in their slight variations , the ultimate desirable forms of human appearance scrolled past as zed snickered .
the human mind can only think in hundreds , the rest we pack away to feel horrible about later .
and dye , like every human .
that went for when the werewolves were in human form too .
i would say that these walls are of human making . '
no human would ever be as graceful .
echo , i have envied the human race the whole of my life .
anomalies were a slightly different breed from regular people , but we were still human .
it was a surprisingly human thing of him to say .
how is it possible for a human being to turn into an animal ?
his instincts told him they were probably human girls , duped by this succubus to hang out with her , chosen solely on their beautiful looks , but tristan couldnt be sure .
this human was strong , but no match for his strength .
i merely suggest that you talk to all parties involved , fae and human alike . ''
the tea cup was still huge to the brownie , comparatively the size of a bucket to a human , but it was the best enochia could do .
even with his size , the human was no match for him .
verified to be authentic and of the same period as the encasing rock and mortar structure , the attachment is definitely of mere human origins , yet appears to provide important clues to the object 's properties , and to identify the historical circumstances of its burial three and a half centuries ago .
he doubtlessly reasoned that as the first human being to see samples of matter from another universe with his own eyes , he would become even more famous , which would lead to billions more in investment dollars , and to increased personal power .
`` you have copied bad human traits as well as good .
it was something she would never do under ordinary circumstances , especially not to a normal human .
and the boy walking ten feet behind her was human only on a part-time basis .
i will tell you another story , human .
meanwhile a street performer wearing a blue painted cardboard box moved amongst the crowd of people , proclaiming himself to be the human jukebox .
unthinking pleasure obscured all societal rules that sought to constrain human passion .
his size , dark hair , and crystal blue eyes would make him popular with both the human population as well as the vampire one .
`` i am glad to see that you are frightened , human .
we cant leave a human here with mum and celly !
his voice was very deep for a human .
it wasnt human , but neither was it a specific threat .
it was dark and not human at all .
`` you 're not human ? ''
cole daivyas body had been found shoved so tightly beneath a crevice that it had to have been done by a human hand .
know that this human will not harm thee , we are here to help .
they resemble large blossoms returning to buds as the human dragon hosts replace their dragon identity .
the hardest part of the whole operation turned out to be forcing my beast back down and shifting back to a human so that i could catch jasmin as she threw herself out of the helicopter in my direction .
in human form i could sustain speeds in the low twenties and even sprint up into the high twenties or low thirties for a very short period of time .
the girl threw up her hands , `` some are n't even human ! ''
one day while caleb was out for a walk alone belac dropped in on him quite literally as he fell out of a tree returning to his human form from that of a spider monkey .
they looked alien and cold , as if constructed by a mind utterly incomprehensible to human thought .
so far in my career , i 'd met monsters , human and otherwise , and a good few minor supernatural creatures , like the dryad and a centaur i 'd met once in a house of ill-fame .
they were followed by a covered two-wheeled cart , dragged by half a dozen human slaves , followed by several female servants , soberly but richly dressed , carrying torches .
she hesitated to even call him that , for he didnt seem like a mere human .
he was far more powerful than a human male , and more capable of handling anything supernatural .
his sentinel mother had been far stronger than his human father , and could have carried him ten miles without breaking a sweat .
every bone , every nerve and sinew , muscle and organ , all the secrets of the human body were revealed to christians nimble and receptive mind .
i shoved evonne as hard as i 've ever shoved another human being in my life and the effects were absolutely magical , if i do say so myself .
i knew she was human , rosie warned me .
youre a gorgon , not human !
angus said , and then i saw him in human form .
`` she 's definitely human , cosmina , '' he said .
i can turn vampires back human .
she enjoyed feeding , the flow of warm blood from a human being into her body , the awakening and sense of gratification , the intimacy .
first of all , i 'm surprised to see catherine once again human .
we are so much more than human .
what had they done in order to survive undetected to the human eye ?
midglings were not unaware of alcoholic beverages , they were unaware of human alcoholic beverages .
well , the human is definitely not the general .
but , except that the broken walls of the watch tower on the peak , composed of blocks of enormous size , had evidently been the work of creatures endowed with human intelligence , no remains were found indicating the former presence of inhabitants upon this part of the moon .
one night , while calling on a power to aid her with her magic , she was possessed by a powerful demon who wanted to be reborn as a human .
although shed been human , he had fallen head-over-heels for her .
but what human means , charles , could produce what i have now narrated to you ?
adelung , as the heidelberg professor asserted , had named the vale of cashmere as the probable site of the garden of eden , and the place of origin of the human race , but later investigators had taken issue with this opinion , and the question where the aryans originated upon the earth had long been one of the most puzzling that science presented .
one would think some will resisted our own in rebuilding this great tribute to human glory !
he also told me that it was rare and hadnt been seen in a human in the last one hundred and fifty years , of course that might be different since he was imprisoned for about one hundred years and before that hed only known of one .
it is still a part of him , but his curse is no longer an animal with a human shape , now he is a man no longer ruled by a beast .
you are a woman , a human a druid .
i couldnt help wonder if it was because i was human or not religious .
an hour after dusk he entered the town of lathem through backyards and alleyways , skirting away from lampposts , traffic , and most human voices .
theyre here because theyre interested in concealing it and themselves from human society .
this one appeared to be very human , and so startling in her nude beauty that johnny could do nothing but stare goggle-eyed at her with his jaw hanging open .
be content with our victory over dark and over the hate and greed of your human enemies .
hell - the truth is - were all human beans !
yet his eyes looked unnervingly human .
as you might guess , she is a human and keeps to herself .
if nothing else , it would at least make him feel human again .
a hulking female troglodyte could be seen slowly approaching as a horde of her lizardfolk swarmed over the human position .
aldebaran was stronger than any human , but even that might not be enough to wound the drake .
it was nothing less than a futile human attempt to defy inevitable and always victorious chaos .
he was a sick , perverted , sinful , ungrateful , stupid , ignorant , ugly , selfish , alienated , insane , weak , filthy pariah of an excuse for a human being .
but if it manifests into any kind of human form , it can be killed .
these had only a range of 100 feet and the night was soon rent with the screams of the barbarians being turned into human torches as they were burned alive .
however , he did affirm that the man was completely human despite what he had accomplished .
`` the human mind is a place of strange intentions and dangerous ideas . ''
luke knew he had lost some height , down from six foot five inches , as a human of course , judging by much larger everything looked .
i dont know why jonas has a sudden vendetta against the human .
is this some weird human joke ?
but i would just be the human who got special treatment from the bossassuming hed even leave his drop-dead gorgeous girlfriend and play nursemaid to a pain in the ass .
oisin was the only human who walked after nightfall and the others seemed to know what he was searching for .
his words , though , fell flat as the others continued to peer into the faces of keva , many still with bristled necks who seemed wary of this mysterious human , but some with their heads tilted to the side , looking remarkably like house pets waiting for a command from their owners .
`` ruling over these archangels are the principalities , exalted over angels just as far as human beings over earthworms are !
their kick was also very dangerous athletic as these human creatures were , the lazy louts were seldom seen to stir .
one thing a human being could n't stand was unexploited , unproductive land .
`` i 'm glad you brought that up , '' the human told the chief .
they found it ever harder to restrain their natural human impulse to disdain a god whose greedy ego 's chief delight was hearing praises warbled day and night .
we do not have to fear him as we do our human fellows .
poor smeker says we have cursed ourselves by taking in a human and doing his bidding against our lore .
those he had so loved as a child , sleeping suspended within the silken threads of this machine , carried him off to a small town at the base of the hill where human existence made up of a simpler life enabled souls to journey beyond the hills top .
in the comfort of the small shuttered house the two , old man and holder of sacred trust , set aside transcendence for earthly needs of rest and human dreams which would guide through realities shadowing the windows ledge .
pearson was arrested about ten years back for causing a public disturbance when she wandered into st. marys cathedral with a gun screaming about the eradication of demons in human flesh .
you lied to us , marcus continued , and you reported us to your human media .
he could have waited for the human , for phaedra , but had decided against it .
i am no bogey little human , i am no nightmare .
maybe i am just a puny human , but by golly i still followed the rules .
another sound of cracking bone and jake stood up , shook his head and rubbed a hand over his face , totally human again .
im being followed , im not human , and something is happening to me that i dont understand .
she was only human after all .
he continues to have the power to impress thoughts upon the human mind , but these powers are now extremely weak .
not like it was a difficult one , since until a few days ago id had zero human contact outside of mom .
if itd been a human , it would have been dead , i think .
even though he had just had two private lessons from hafo , he was beginning to understand the inner workings of the human body , making it easier to produce substances that could harm it .
to add to this neurotic cesspool , endless repetition rules the human mindscape .
first , your race , the human race , is very suicidal .
correction : human history from the moment of the singularity .
the light of day would hide his demonic features , allowing him to mingle unnoticed amongst human society .
just the fact that she was a human in this place was novel .
all because of that human bitch .
they can not , and will not harm the human just yet .
you know , should be human , but not .
`` well , '' mathen paused a moment with a thoughtful look , `` human magic is created through some type of work .
the legs of a lamia were fused into a long snake tail and their eyes were those of a snake , but everything else was human .
there was a human girl in an alley , in the middle of the night , holding an unconscious lamia .
he was a human agent , easy to see that he was someone with years of experience , which made that mission more fun for luisa .
he poured the mixture onto the ground , and created the first human beings , the man za and the woman wan , who landed not in the forest , the hills , or even in the fields , but in the desert menthar had been exiled to .
they looked almost human , except for the animal tails that swung behind them .
and do you think the fruit from that tree is safe for a human ?
if it was a problem the priest could fix , the human girl would not have come to her .
she would not let this bossy human , whoever he was , hinder her from paying father brion her last respects .
the life of a tree could never compare to the life of a human .
then she sang the last verse of the faerie song in the human tongue , so that he would understand it .
this surely will not make our travels into the human city any easier , said locmire .
whistles and peeps in the upper frequency range of human hearing and perhaps beyond were interspersed with 'normal ' and impossibly deep tones .
worse of all , the human counter tendency to fight crime could prove disastrous .
how could a race of supposedly intelligent beings wage wars against their fellow human beings and against their own environment ?
as they studied the screen , the 1st aid licked the last human blood from his fingers .
while the cubes filled , melberg caught up on human news .
i just love human speech !
`` there are too many for me alone , human , '' the white unicorn pathed .
or , would human thoughts wonder too much about death , or regret , or fear , or anything else ?
the wolven before him moved in the undergrowth , several branches snapping loudly in the night , follow me human , my kind are the most silent creatures of the forest , but for you i will make enough noise so that you may know where i am .
the human crew found themselves to be in similar states of health , although their diagnoses also included cuts , bruises , the odd broken bone and a diminished confidence in the crash-protection efficacy of sticking their backsides in the air and covering their eyes ( one or two of them had woken in just such positions ) .
before this ship left earth , not everyone on earth agreed that the human race was worth saving .
i knew nothing good would come from her always traipsing off with that human of hers .
when i was a human i had an insatiable appetite for hamburger .
thats why id never considered that they could have been made of something as horrifying as human as her skin !
of course hes a human being .
but it always shifts a human to animal form .
this human has the knowledge to increase a vampires strength and cognition without having to wait centuries .
suddenly , i noticed one of the curtains was moving , a human hand drawing it aside .
she did not feel human , and it might be that perhaps she was not .
they are shunned and stripped of their trait , and , therefore , become human .
there were three teroks and one human that were patrolling around the area .
mixing human bloodlines with supernatural is a roll-of-the-dice process .
we gathered lela up and trooped out the front door , faces stern and somber : a vampire , a human , a teen wolf , another wolf who was terrified enough for the rest of us , and a half-demon without a clue .
dwarven guards eyeballed their human shadows and the shadows eyeballed them back .
you made a commitment to king thorvaldr , that is true , but that was before there was direct threat to the human realms .
an unknown fae has delivered a human girl into the lore , out in one of the neutral lands known as the forlorn mists .
dahlia boldly wondered aloud , `` what is your reason to care for a human so , leprechaun ?
`` i find myself attracted to the human female , jane mccarthy , and feel no shame for it - quite the opposite , in fact .
i hold you to the law of mortality ; let no action cause the direct demise of a human .
for years i refused to take on human form .
she closed her eyes a moment before a flash of light filled the air , and suddenly she was falling into aarons human arms , his mouth dragging over her skin as he carried her to the bed , his wings still unfurled behind him .
this human is obviously blessed .
i assume that my anthropomorphic body led them to believe that i was responsive and vulnerable to the same range of things as any typical human .
even his flesh gave him away , shining with the greasy coat of gel that secreted from his pores in a similar fashion to human sweat but was far more viscous , the secretion more closely resembling mucus than actual perspiration .
and think about it , coming all this way with the human only to snap his neck ?
for whatever reason this human has me gushing like its my first crush i am a guy , a big , muscly , manly guy who feels like hes just fallen flat on his face and i want to give this girl the world because of it .
dominic i watch savannah pin the human girl against the alley , her instinct telling her to cover the girls mouth for screams .
the human , dazed from the movement hasnt even had a chance to scream .
with their supremacy , the wars were stopped , the ill cured , famine vanished , and human kind seemed to know true peace for the first time .
she cried out from the selfish , greedy , arrogant desire attached to the human that had shot the arrow .
how does a real human being even get that evil ?
this trait was not found in any other families of the forest animals or human .
lots of people wore wigs or contacts to try and look like supers , people who got irregularly-colored features naturally ( along with abilities no normal human could dream of ) .
you will run , warrior princess henrietta , faster than any human , faster than any animal , you will run like the wind , even in heels , he had to add at the end .
it was a bit like swearing an oath to a sheep , but he was very lonely and he did want the human to come back .
korsten was certain no human body could move so quickly on all fours and the grass was not tall enough to hide a person .
its dangerous enough without adding human drama , you know .
pavel could think of her any way he liked while he enjoyed her later , but now , one had to think of her as a human .
they wanted to see if she was real , if she was like them and if she was indeed human and not some spirit or demon .
the citys human citizenry also practices the oldest form of government based on beliefs that are said go to go back even before recorded history started to be recorded .
lupzarros smile turned to anger and he growled showing his long teeth , but still remained mostly human .
sure , there are some lawyers who are probably decent human beings and we all know stereotyping in not a good thing to do .
it was a testament to the resilience of the human body that this man could sustain muscles like sacks of potatoes despite having a diet like that of a yogi .
it resembled an average human being with no hair , but the clothes were outdated billowy things , like an arabian nights costume .
i never expected damian to fall for a human .
i have never killed a human , or anyone for that matter , and im not sure i want that to change .
do you know how many human traffickers there are in toronto alone ?
visions were messages from the gods , and as such he had sworn to bring them a human sacrifice .
it was a kind gesture , a weak one , but he understood it coming from a young human girl .
guiding the human girl about the camp , he pointed out different tents of importance , naming their owners , and telling of great deeds each had done or great kills they had made .
if grendel was surprised he did not show it , although the time he took to move cautiously around beowulf to check that the entrance to the cave was deserted could well have been extended to allow him to process the information that this human clearly knew something of trolls .
maybe it was because they were waiting for the party to reach the slaughter point where all the members of the tribe would get their fair chance at human and horse flesh .
some demons were fully transformed and some were in a human form .
can a human be any more stupid than that ?
satisfied , tenoch changed back into his human form .
im half human , half raptor .
what i wouldnt give for some lovely , thick , human blood , boris sighed .
is it different when she is so obviously not human ?
they are sharp , swift , painful , for the others obviously , i give off a sadistic grin , and it allows the rest of my body to remain fairly human .
thats not a very bizarre feature but at the same time it is better than the features of an average human .
but the main aim of the energy outburst had been at a pure human female at that time , jennifer corrects my father , sighing , her son had resulted into a vaticinator .
the scimitar makes him human .
cleaning and the sortor thats what i am guessing as i notice a human pass through , with a broom in hand .
well , theyd have to be if he travelled outside the human lands- and survived .
he was human after all .
eventually riley suggested to ms thrope some human children could play on the roof too- razra had been asking her for a while ( why wont you let me come play , hmm ? , molozor always plays with jeitar , how come i cant come too ? ) .
i guess you have a name from your human parent ?
it was on one of these sweeps that she spotted a human and a gemeng sneaking up on the base .
every human life was valuable .
you could not for a second look at this woman and think she was human .
most gemengs are a mix of human and ehlkrid .
mr briggs , they are the ones who attacked and destroyed the human cities .
as usual , riley spent some time that evening at the human campsite with vann , messenger and mr briggs .
whereas a werewolf would have been much larger , and trim , yet muscular , and most likely have used its hind legs to stand , like a human .
catherines spirit body pulsed inside of emilys human body .
she didnt have enough strength to fight him off her in human form .
and youll become more or lessss a human ssserpent .
doso used her fragile human nails like claws , grunting and shrieking like an animal herself .
but then people started noticing that the supply of meat from the farmlands was steadily decreasing , and also that corpses discovered by chance , human or not , werent putrefying as they should , as if the death that had claimed them was indeed too shy to bring its duties to fulfillment .
having that want to bring the dead back to life , was human .
the half-woman spider reached out her human hand for him .
they believe there can be no self in this and as such the human side of all who wish to join them must be taken away .
connie almost jerked away , but didnt when she remembered that the mermaid had never been this close to a human before , and for all she knew personal space wasnt as big a deal to them .
the thing stood like a human with two arms and two legs in the usual places .
she reviewed my charts , asked me questions , and actually treated me like a human being .
so basically , according to him , im now less human .
dare i say he actually looked presentable , human even , apart from those damnable honey eyes that bored uncomfortably into mine .
they were also considered possibly the most adept race at enchanting , the imbuing of everyday items with magical powers , though they tended to do this with the application of arcane runes , rather than the elvish or human method of casting enchantments .
sometimes i find you surprisingly perceptive and interesting for a human , but other times such as now you seem very dull .
the golden one loves human technology .
he was still the same sizetaller than conrad , at any rate , and decidedly not human .
just blinked out of existence for a second and reappeared on the other side of the room , human again , next to lily .
theyve wiped out the human species and made us their slaves .
i give my word , if you let me live , i will never hurt another human being again .
your energy is of more than any human .
i 'd like to think a little better of the human race .
my seeing is tainted ; it would drive any decent human mad .
next to him was an ordinary looking human , a frail and elderly pale scientist dressed in white and blue laboratory apparel and moreover big odd-looking glasses .
the sight itself was an unfailing marvel for human eyes to behold .
i sent you here to create smart vampires and all you have done so far is make me three vampires and fallen in love with a worthless human .
i knew i couldnt tell endora what i thought , but i didnt think i could see human life the way she wanted me to .
becoming a vampire and killing did take the pain away , but it also took away the happiness i felt as a human .
you will love a human girl over your own ?
a virgin human with blood that tastes of a youth fountain , holding relics from houses that are only rumored to exist .
it is like she neglects her own state of being human .
they keep human girls in there .
the woman snarled the now familiar fell words that would restore the boy to his human form , and hissed , destroy this impudent wretch who dares trifle with my belongings !
is she human like me ? ''
an android that 's almost human should be a sight to see but it makes me so unsettled i do n't want to stay ; i want to flee .
he poured boiling water into his cup and began to stir , to speed up the brewing , battle seems to have this effect on her ... battle affects us all , magen said bitterly , nobody comes out entirely human ...
she frowned , still there was a way , saarha was human .
however , if you wish to be able to have a physical relationship with a human too , i can abide by that .
their purpose is to drag as many human souls as possible into hells fire .
what would a human be if mistakes were not made ?
she knew this as she taught him how to live in her world , the human world .
she pleads all i want to know if what the hell you were talking about in your letter ; i say fine , we are not actually human , we are a race of water people called yawkayawk .
there seemed to be no form of human life .
he never tried it on a human , but as he sent it into the army , he remembered the pattern was created to better carve stone and wood .
