Was the artwork perceived to be made by a machine or a human – what is the role of the AI in the creative production process and how does that influence perception of the artwork
I don't believe that human beings are a kind of a different, better species, I think we are, to an extent, a product of artificial intelligence ourselves.
or they needed more information that probably for now, only really a human could provide that contact.
But the negative side of that, for me would be that there would be a less a human interaction to pick up on the social cues, or what someone might be facing if they needed to to have a chat for longer
ome of the team were a bit unsettled by it - it was very human in its form.
a lot of us artists and curators in the field always feel that this work has been done with AI as a human and machine collaboration
So with a lot of this art, frequently you have either human faces or bodies or animals, so something that a lot more people could relate to, as opposed to far more complex works that looks at philosophy or creativity, or something like that.
people weren't sure who did it actually and because it was artificial intelligence, I think some people thought it was done by the computer itself and not a human being. 
So I think it made them think a bit more about well, was it human, or was it a computerised. 
So a human could explain stuff to people in a space distributed around the city
it's not intelligence in the way that we would define it, as a sentient human, it is how AI can recognise patterns and reorganise them and present them and I think what's interesting in itself is we are a long way from that idea of a, what's the word, singularity or a sentient computer...
I mean, I want to use the word human, but that's the wrong word.
AI is useful in many different ways for many different fields but it's not going to be everything, and it's not going to replace human anytime soon.
the potential for artificial intelligence to create much more accurate diagnosis for things like eyes and so on, you know, I think already, the evidence is there to suggest that, that can be more reliable than human doctors, and so forth.
Now you have to think about the natural human dynamics is that when we hear that someone's an expert, we become quite passive.
And actually, it isn't the full robot that looks like the human you know, there are many subtle applications.
The first trench revealed evidence of medieval buildings – possibly parts of the friary – and a human burial represented by pair of leg bones.
Soon it was realised that the human remains found in the first trench lay under the church choir where King Richard was reportedly buried. 
An actual artificial intelligence-based chatbot is performing in the show and tries to pass as human as it sends lines to one of the improvisers via an earpiece.
The technology that enables remote control of a human player consists of a laptop, an FM radio transmitter/receiver with headphones, and our custom-made software that allows an operator to type sentences that will be sent to an artificial intelligence-based chatbot
Another interesting installation to look out for at this year’s Art-AI festival is PLEA, the impressive robotic head built on biomimicry that will truly combine all things human and technology.
The idea of the ‘uncanny valley’ and how people feel about artificial intelligences that look human but are just not quite right is explored in one of the activities in a new downloadable playbook produced for this year’s Art AI Festival.
Taking a closer look at how AI works in filmmaking and the differences between human perception and machines, Ben’s work shows the films from the perspective of the AI, creating a dream-like quality to the retelling of these cult sci-fi stories.
